perhaps,
peter pan did return
from neverland and
straight into our land:
there were no more
lost boys to play
with, seeing as they
were all here;
there was no more
hook or any other
pirates to defeat,
as they were already dead;
no
wendy, john, or michael
either,
only tink
and the mermaids
(who can forget them?)
perhaps,
he decided to grow up
and become a man,
going to school and then
into an office;
perhaps,
when he was in his
death bed, he
weakly smiled and said,
<em>"to die would be an awfully big adventure"</em>
and with that,
his face,
that was shining light,
went out
like a candle.
Out on the barren sea
lies a lofty sullen mast
A chosen vessel caught in time
Drifting along the main frame of the island
Look a bit closer and you will see
a shining crystal on the port side
pirates, robbers &amp; thieves
Made a haste decision in which to board
A cannon charge would turn them all away
quick conclusions often lead the best of us astray
The wisest move in life is but to wait
otherwise are galloping emotions run away like horses at the gate
Captain Jack was on board
to summon a faithful crew to lead
A romantic at heart was he
taking time to reflect a solemn need
The crew would often polish the crystal jewel
a chief aim to please
The ship traveling to ports unknown
a rainbow in the dark
On land a fare maiden would often tempt Jack
yet he was loyal to his waiting vessel
The crystal ship was sailing off into the night
watch on as the angelic dove fly
-
I don' know,
But I've been told:
I'm toxic, afraid and cold...
I don't know, if it's been said,
But I'm alive,
<em>Better off dead</em>...
-
"Hey,"
Mr. Sold today
Bought tomorrow and thrown away
"Don't pay,"
For the laws you break,
Paint the grass white and walk away
"Say,"
Do you still love me?
I've gotta good heart but it's torn astray
"Just pray,"
That you're spared today
<em>Wrath of all seers plagued ash tray</em>
"Now pay,"
For the hate you made
Deep inside roaring, "you must stay!"
"Hey,"
Mr. Bought today,
Dethroned tomorrow and left to waste
-
I don' know,
But I've been told:
I'm toxic, afraid and cold...
I don't know, if it's been said,
But I'm alive,
<em>Better off dead</em>...
-
"Miss cat's eye,"
<em>Unrivaled might</em>
Derailing ships implored to fight
"Those cannons,"
<em>Could sink a ship</em>
You stole their rum <em>Now take a sip</em>
"Hoist the,"
<em>Masts up high</em>
The only star seen in the sky
"Is playing,"
<em>Hide and go seek</em>
"Duck from her gunshots," say the meek
"Gathering,"
<em>Pirate gold</em>
This unsung mistress young and bold
"Could,"
<em>Dominate most anyone</em>
To get a kick or just for fun
"My darling,"
<em>They cannot hide</em>
Not from your wrath of kraken's tide
"So crush them,"
To little bits;
<em>They're just toy ships compared to this</em>.
-
This one here, why I got it from a Pirate,
He stood with a peg leg and a beard full of knots,
The deck beneath him was littered with hefty dots,
A rather peculiar sight, if I was to be asked,
Which I was, and with that, this eye became glassed!
The one over there, I suppose was from that Siren,
Her skin was blue, eyes a shimmering gold,
Her chest was bare, a sight that the sailors adored to behold,
Excuse me, miss, I inclined my head, "While this is all well and pleasing,"
She clocked my tooth out, when I continued, "In this air, you must be freezing!"
Why that one there, that's from a Queen,
She stood with regal grace and beauty,
Though in my opinion, her dress and manner was rather snooty,
When asked in regards to a task appointed to me,
I informed her that if it was so important, SHE could go water the overgrown tree!
That one there, why that's from a Fairy,
It resided within a nest of glittering gems and jewels,
Each of course, lifted from some wandering fools,
Eyes gleaming with desire and greed,
I soon found those little Fairies are capable of bites to make you bleed!
Over here, you'll see it plainly, is from a Dragon,
It was a plague on the town, its wake of destruction spreading wide,
With grasping claws and snapping teeth, it gobbled up my bride,
I hunted it where it slept, and moved to strike it dead,
And with that, I lost my head!
Put me in a pinewood box,
And set me near the tide,
Let my body float to sea,
On the waves I'll ride,
In my heart I'm a pirate,
I'll fly the black flag high,
I'll settle for no less than-
The earth and sea and sky,
I've had my fill of normal,
And I'll never settle for,
The things sheep are seeking,
Inland, far from the shore,
Just give me my rum,
And a ship with a crew,
We'll set sail for Horizon,
And seek out Skies of Blue,
But if here I die,
Don't bury me under-
The ground I so greatly detest,
Please know that I know best,
Just put me in a pinewood box,
And set me at low tide,
Watch as my body floats to sea,
On these waves I will ride,
A pirate whose been glorified.
let it not be confused
let no one else's name
ring throughout these sentences
let this be a hatchet
let me put this to rest
this is not a test
i don't want to think
about shipwrecks anymore
i am tired of folding apologies
into origami birds
and placing them
at the headstones to your tantrums
this is not is not geology class
these are promises
written on razorblades
<em>&amp; if you are getting choked up
then maybe you should be</em>
maybe we should be buried
with our telescopes face down
my mouth is full of sorry
all for being honest
we are falling out of orbit
we are burning bystanders
so cast away your callous condolences
because no one is clapping
in this waist deep water
this is not a baptism
so do not tell strangers
that this was a chance to drown
any differently
i am not a catalogue
of constellations you cannot name
this is not mythology
so stop believing your horoscope
i am not a wishing well
i am just a wall for you
to paint post nuclear fallout &amp; antonyms for catharsis on
we destroy the things
that are not ours-
the wanton ways
we embody wrecking balls
and then cry over the rubble
this is not a heap or a mosaic
this is leaping
off a thousand story building
with no one to catch you
at the bottom &amp; maybe
that's why some quiet moments
are so fragile, maybe that's why butterflies have mimicry
your words are black powder
and poetry is your musketry
i guess that makes me your blindfold
I no longer know who ya heart beats for
Who ya soul screams for
who ya naps dream for
who ya body needs for
Who ya times free for
before i find out
I want our spark to be restored
Replenished &amp; refreshed
Id rot away without ya sweet flesh
&amp; kind hearted gestures
Youve fulfilled me
Like pirates are by treasures
&amp; Taken my heart to unmet measures
'Tis heartbreaking to see you marvel so at children's play.
Do you not remember that you were once a child?
Have you lost the sweet ring-a-ding-dings of fairytale teachings?
Each day you fall further into The Man
And away from Peter Pan, Sara Crewe, Alice, and The Great Baron Munchausen himself.
I have not forgotten the road to where they go.
Begin where you are,
Sitting mundane, in your realm of logic and laws, tasteless office cubicle.
Now close your eyes and count to ten!
One Mississippi, two Mississippi...
When your eyes creak open you'll have to think fast!
You've no weapon against that smelly pirate with his dagger to your throat!
Give a good kick and a hard shove and you'll see the blade has changed hands, AVAST!
One good thrust and you slice through his thieving guts like butter!
Abandon ship! And SPLASH! into a garden surrounded by stone.
All you've to do is turn your head to see the peonies, the morning glories, the honeysuckle dripping in dew.
Now straighten up and grab hold of your bearings; that's it!
What was that?!
It blew by you, fast as lightning and just as bright.
A fairy! It must have been!
You run off after it but your foot catches a mangled root and you
SLAM! Face first into...WHAT IS THAT?!
Bones?! Now scramble to your feet and dash to the opening of the damp cave,
Round the corner and AH! crash into a giant gray ogre! GRRAAAGGHGHH!
Quick! Pick up that femur at your feet and pitch it into his eye! Ha! You big brute!
Duck between his great tree trunk legs and RRRRRIIIINNNNGGGG!
There goes the office phone.
But you're still out of breath and desperate for more.
Silly, don't you know? It's not something I can teach you.
You just have to REMEMBER.
Shipwreck lost in the sea
With treasures and secrets
And old companions
What did you do
To make the ocean mad?
Shipwreck lost in the sea
Broken and scattered
And forgotten
What did you say to the ocean,
To anger it so?
O Ship of Life
Dont you know the ocean has pride?
Did mother not tell you?
Why did the waves hate you
And shower you with floods of salt?
Shipwreck lost in the sea
How could you not have known
That the ocean is proud
How could she not tell you
That it hates mockery?
they really shouldn't have stressed their point
on education:
i got educated... and so what?
i would have been happy working my way
up from in a supermarket -
or any other faint job resembling robotics -
it's harder to get higher education
and start from the tomb-rock-bottom -
too much Disney got fused with your nerves -
and imagination isn't that powerful coupled
with consciousness to make yourself hallucinate
debilitating experiences - it's not that powerful,
however much those who think so argue the point -
i once said: i want to write poetry like Wordsworth -
not really, i want to write poetry like the Boss:
yep, Springsteen - i want to write the lyrics
that Bon Jovi and George Harrison wrote:
that's what should be potatoes (i.e. arable) in poetry:
the inability: the vouchsafed last:
a void attired to
a crowd: the conductor and the massed-up orchestra -
the magi wand: the larynx and the last breathed chord.
but in reality getting mail from U.C.L.
makes me think only one thing:
hey! i dropped out halfway through the semester!
i didn't go through the second periodic,
i wet mad, but you took my money anyway,
can i have those 3 thousand quids back?
no? well... that's my donation to your sporty-sports
gagging for money... ever hear Oxfam was a
country named in Africa... you're not donating
to starving infants... you're donating
to keep bureaucrats in their jobs -
all post-colonial nations invented charity organisations:
take the money, you have no honour,
or rap left in you -
all post-colonial nations invented charity organisations:
money is the easy way out:
namesake gambling or playing the lottery -
their shark-like-leeches: they prey on hopeless
old women - once again with the
Berber pirates: old age is a curse, rather than an
achievement: we'll never outlive the Galapagos
turtles: they're born with wrinkles and an
expectation to live beyond 100 years...
no, i don't feel anything having been achieved
with me receiving the Portico magazine from U.C.L.,
they shouldn't have hanged that carrot in my face
given my father is a roofer and a former
metal worker - they sniffed me out via their class
warfare jealousy - they sniffed out that i was
an avid reader and beyond comprehensively literate,
that pissed them off... i continued on my road
to demise, wishing it was truly a ding-dong
resemblance of <em>Sonny Clark</em>... i shame the fates
invoking the furies that it wasn't the similar case
of lessened concerns - and death, or Samael -
like antoine de aaint-exupry's little prince
in similar caste to understand: once more,
death the most curious of children -
for it is said: when born with weakness once
easily accepts it, and focuses on the beauty
beyond - but when weakness is forced upon you
without genetic explanation, as a crime:
one takes to kindred involvement with the cancerous
child, who, in his weakness, sought beyond
the immediate: the aesthetic at being so little
time to find so little beneath the potential:
as life firstly peppered with drink, woman and song,
to be later salted with drink (alcoholism), woman
(celibacy at best, or whores and general abandonment),
and song: rain drools on the parapets like
angry gods, or friendly dogs.
and you think the winner of the english x-factor
2015 got a record contract? have you seen her lately?
they make the people already broken doubly broke...
elevation of whoring i think...
the karaoke tribunal and sentencing -
they are worse off than they were before,
like me, being fed the lie of getting education,
becoming an educated chemist,
not catching the fisherman's tackle of money
and suiting myself to the robot clause of entertaining
those that pay for waiters, doormen and shelf-stacking creeps,
i should be there, not here, not writing these
poems: i should be there.
i'm not even born to entertain,
hence my precursor to meddle in shelved toothpaste.
my best gambit joke?
i've got nothing to lose -
unless it's a library of books and compact disks...
beyond that... talk of honour and balls
is pretty much tied to kingpins and stilettos -
and life... well... i like the way it sounds:
and lastly god: well, i don't blame the Utopian
fetishist on all the grief... i just like to turn people
into simple coordinates of pointing my finger:
nitsnits
and an old lady knitting a scarf to catch
a forgotten wind from the north:
that hushed the Eskimo into yawning -
from breath a sculpture in the Arctic:
an electron cloud,
rigid dogmatic orbits elsewhere, and for some other fools;
as i was once.
sometimes you drink a bottle of whiskey,
and you're like: there's a poem in me,
there's a poem in me!
but there ain't a poem like there ain't
an oasis in a desert, so
so you take a few snaps, an it feels justifiable
to be taking pictures rather than writing
phonetic encoding, then you worry
about the people reading you with Pythagorean
zeal - baked bean and all -
you read a newspaper and overdose on
Heidegger's dasein - you pick philosophical
problems when your life is easy,
you ignore them when life's complicated enough,
the two never meet, so i don't know
whether fame solves the "problem" of consolidating
universal relief with particular agitation of
cared for interest - being famous is hard to craft,
i'm not aiming for any fame other than posthumous fame...
the dust has to settle - with poetry:
the naked narrative - no clothing for the the narrator
to dress in with his Karamazov brothers....
just nakedness to mind -
against the coastline erections of grammar this
Odyssey is bound to impregnate with news' reels
of a shipwreck number dead...
i hate newspapers, like i hate Asian brothels of
power... i hate western media like i hate
Iranian despots... they're the same to me...
they both wrestle with authoritarian exertion -
they're not that different... one and the same
for me....
so, after drinking a bottle of whiskey you sometimes
think there's a hibernating poem in you...
you want to create art that's simply lazy and people
can have it as canvas and think their part out...
it's such a shame that poetry is not equipped for
technology for the masses, but rather well equipped
to entertain the aristocracy when the radio wasn't
invented... i bemoan poetry,
the lacking orchestra... i'm jealous of other art forms,
not as a person, but as a person concerned with poetry...
we only invest our entire lives for the medium
while others detach themselves from their encrypted medium
with the price of oil-paints to mind... or the price of
pianos... never did poetry entertain the crowd,
always the minded singleton of our mutual concerns...
as said, the existential tactic is anti-Darwinism -
it's hardly ever Swedish... teach evolution with the Vikings...
don't be prone to erase pretty much all of history
to make a standing ovation... for celestial t.n.t. -
but it doesn't matter... i just like to experience
pristine Alpine mineral water cascade of peace -
i'll hardly get it... i never thought i would...
from a wholly physical experience i became a wholly
mental experience... you can knock twice for
Santa Clause's response with what i'm saying...
i'd like to return to my fully engaged body...
but there were a few that said i should preach
the Christian message of forgiving enemies without
enacting the duty of expressed lawfulness -
because, i mean, what's the point of forgiving your
enemies after you enacted the full compensation
of law, and prison, and reprimand?
Cain walked free! shallow aesthetics,
pointless diatribe of forgiveness for the photo opportunity...
many of the death row inmates would rather
hear the guillotine drop like a lapping tongue
than hear the phrase: rot in hell -
preserving human rights has its limits -
people simply became thieves in the case of capital
punishment, they robbed criminals of their right
to experience the adrenaline rush...
all acts of suicide don't have this luxury -
mere cognition does not produce the biological
effects that actions beyond thinking do,
suicide is worse than capital punishment,
there's no adrenaline involved, no spontaneity.
i think capital punishment is a clearly set-out
Christmas present... keeping someone locked up
on death row is like battling premature ejaculation...
it's not human... it's zoological...
i vouch to say most would rather have it done
away with in the manner of seconds passing
rather than the billions of years it took for stars
to form, or as in their case... a conscience.
look how many people are trying to revive
the Nazi euthanasia regime... esp. with motor-neuron
disease... they're begging for it...
not even a cubic metre of a promise of heaven
will equal the ably limb'ed their time on
this earth, known in Dante's theology as purgatory.
My Irish night sky looks like a painted dream
a joyful moon smiles at glistening stars
glowing luminous, and larger than it seems
a mystic, and lover of the ocean sea
a pirate, a sailor
a gypsy Queen
dancing to music while I sing
under a night sky
a painted dream
wild for freedom
Alas, forever --
your gypsy Queen.
(A Virginia Legend.)
The Planting of the Hemp.
Captain Hawk scourged clean the seas
(Black is the gap below the plank)
From the Great North Bank to the Caribbees
(Down by the marsh the hemp grows rank).
His fear was on the seaport towns,
The weight of his hand held hard the downs.
And the merchants cursed him, bitter and black,
For a red flame in the sea-fog's wrack
Was all of their ships that might come back.
For all he had one word alone,
One clod of dirt in their faces thrown,
"The hemp that shall hang me is not grown!"
His name bestrode the seas like Death.
The waters trembled at his breath.
This is the tale of how he fell,
Of the long sweep and the heavy swell,
And the rope that dragged him down to hell.
The fight was done, and the gutted ship,
Stripped like a shark the sea-gulls strip,
Lurched blindly, eaten out with flame,
Back to the land from where she came,
A skimming horror, an eyeless shame.
And Hawk stood upon his quarter-deck,
And saw the sky and saw the wreck.
Below, a butt for sailors' jeers,
White as the sky when a white squall nears,
Huddled the crowd of the prisoners.
Over the bridge of the tottering plank,
Where the sea shook and the gulf yawned blank,
They shrieked and struggled and dropped and sank,
Pinioned arms and hands bound fast.
One girl alone was left at last.
Sir Henry Gaunt was a mighty lord.
He sat in state at the Council board;
The governors were as nought to him.
From one rim to the other rim
Of his great plantations, flung out wide
Like a purple cloak, was a full month's ride.
Life and death in his white hands lay,
And his only daughter stood at bay,
Trapped like a hare in the toils that day.
He sat at wine in his gold and his lace,
And far away, in a bloody place,
Hawk came near, and she covered her face.
He rode in the fields, and the hunt was brave,
And far away his daughter gave
A shriek that the seas cried out to hear,
And he could not see and he could not save.
Her white soul withered in the mire
As paper shrivels up in fire,
And Hawk laughed, and he kissed her mouth,
And her body he took for his desire.
The Growing of the Hemp.
Sir Henry stood in the manor room,
And his eyes were hard gems in the gloom.
And he said, "Go dig me furrows five
Where the green marsh creeps like a thing alive --
There at its edge, where the rushes thrive."
And where the furrows rent the ground,
He sowed the seed of hemp around.
And the blacks shrink back and are sore afraid
At the furrows five that rib the glade,
And the voodoo work of the master's spade.
For a cold wind blows from the marshland near,
And white things move, and the night grows drear,
And they chatter and crouch and are sick with fear.
But down by the marsh, where the gray slaves glean,
The hemp sprouts up, and the earth is seen
Veiled with a tenuous mist of green.
And Hawk still scourges the Caribbees,
And many men kneel at his knees.
Sir Henry sits in his house alone,
And his eyes are hard and dull like stone.
And the waves beat, and the winds roar,
And all things are as they were before.
And the days pass, and the weeks pass,
And nothing changes but the grass.
But down where the fireflies are like eyes,
And the damps shudder, and the mists rise,
The hemp-stalks stand up toward the skies.
And down from the poop of the pirate ship
A body falls, and the great sharks grip.
Innocent, lovely, go in grace!
At last there is peace upon your face.
And Hawk laughs loud as the corpse is thrown,
"The hemp that shall hang me is not grown!"
Sir Henry's face is iron to mark,
And he gazes ever in the dark.
And the days pass, and the weeks pass,
And the world is as it always was.
But down by the marsh the sickles beam,
Glitter on glitter, gleam on gleam,
And the hemp falls down by the stagnant stream.
And Hawk beats up from the Caribbees,
Swooping to pounce in the Northern seas.
Sir Henry sits sunk deep in his chair,
And white as his hand is grown his hair.
And the days pass, and the weeks pass,
And the sands roll from the hour-glass.
But down by the marsh in the blazing sun
The hemp is smoothed and twisted and spun,
The rope made, and the work done.
The Using of the Hemp.
Captain Hawk scourged clean the seas
(Black is the gap below the plank)
From the Great North Bank to the Caribbees
(Down by the marsh the hemp grows rank).
He sailed in the broad Atlantic track,
And the ships that saw him came not back.
And once again, where the wide tides ran,
He stooped to harry a merchantman.
He bade her stop. Ten guns spake true
From her hidden ports, and a hidden crew,
Lacking his great ship through and through.
Dazed and dumb with the sudden death,
He scarce had time to draw a breath
Before the grappling-irons bit deep,
And the boarders slew his crew like sheep.
Hawk stood up straight, his breast to the steel;
His cutlass made a bloody wheel.
His cutlass made a wheel of flame.
They shrank before him as he came.
And the bodies fell in a choking crowd,
And still he thundered out aloud,
"The hemp that shall hang me is not grown!"
They fled at last. He was left alone.
Before his foe Sir Henry stood.
"The hemp is grown, and my word made good!"
And the cutlass clanged with a hissing whir
On the lashing blade of the rapier.
Hawk roared and charged like a maddened buck.
As the cobra strikes, Sir Henry struck,
Pouring his life in a single thrust,
And the cutlass shivered to sparks and dust.
Sir Henry stood on the blood-stained deck,
And set his foot on his foe's neck.
Then from the hatch, where the rent decks slope,
Where the dead roll and the wounded grope,
He dragged the serpent of the rope.
The sky was blue, and the sea was still,
The waves lapped softly, hill on hill,
And between one wave and another wave
The doomed man's cries were little and shrill.
The sea was blue, and the sky was calm;
The air dripped with a golden balm.
Like a wind-blown fruit between sea and sun,
A black thing writhed at a yard-arm.
Slowly then, and awesomely,
The ship sank, and the gallows-tree,
And there was nought between sea and sun --
Nought but the sun and the sky and the sea.
But down by the marsh where the fever breeds,
Only the water chuckles and pleads;
For the hemp clings fast to a dead man's throat,
And blind Fate gathers back her seeds.
Gav called me up.
Him and Tolly were going out to Never Never Land in Blackburn
3 lost boys off on a curious adventure
All I wanted to do were stay in and play Championship manager and drink Ribena.
I were a slow starter int' drinkin' scene
Mi mum and dad had bought us a tiny bot'le o' mead once on 'oliday
Took mi about 2/3 years to drink it
Another time I had 2 or 3 cans at Gavs
Blacked out
Set off t' t' taxi wi'out mi shoes on
"2nd Star t' t' reet and straight on t' t' moornin'!"
Then puked out o' t' taxi windo'
But I went
Mi mum dropped me off at Gavs 'ouse ont' Shad estate
Gav got us a coke before we caught t' bus in
But 'e sprinkled in some white pewder
"What's this? Pixie dust?"
"It's something to give you Speed" said Tolly
"just drink it!" Said Gav
(At this point in this poem, it's starting to sound like I were on the verge of some cool, coming of age experience. But Gav were only a naive little lad and it turned out he'd been sold crushed paracetamol)
So we caught bus
Waitin' for t' affects o' t' artificial amphetamine
'N' we got t' Neverland
No mermaids 'ere
No pretty injun girls
There were a few blokes wi dodgy eyes
But no no, no-n-no no, no-n-no no no no there's no pirates!
Just shitty plastic Palm trees
'N' townies in fluorescent nylon shirts
No peacock feathered hats ere
There hair were all steps or curtains
(I was sporting a rather fetching home cut hair style wi no gel and my neatly ironed school shirt with the top button fastened)
Didn't kno' what to do about this weird scenario
T' girls and t' boys weren't stood on opposite sides at this party
They were all in t' t' middle
Bloody loads on 'em
And they were doing some sort o' side stepping thing that I found later were called dancin'
I sort o' skirted round edges feelin' scared
Then went to sit at sides on an empty table 'n' hid
On t' next table were a nice lookin' couple o' blokes.
They must o' bin good mates!
They were cuddlin' 'n' touchin' each other a lot.
Anyhow, thi got talking t' mi
Told 'em I'd not bin out before
"Ow old are you lad? 14/15?"
"I'm 18"
Thi sort o' laughed, dunno why
Then one of 'em offered me a cucumber sandwich
I thought t' mi sel'
"I dunno much about nightclubs but I dunt think folk normally bring cucumber sandwiches!"
But I were 'ungry so I ate it
Then I think 'e thought we were mates coz 'e were touchin mi leg
I 'ad to crow for me mates
Then Gav came in like Peter Pan and rescued mi and we set off for 'ome
I went to t' phone box n' called mi mum
Didn't know town reet well
So I waited for 'er outside o' mi school
There were some scary looking people on one side o't' road snappin at each other like crocodiles
So I stood under t' lamppost so I were int' light an' t' cars passin could see mi
Felt safer like that
Tick tock tick tock
The crocodiles were lurkin
Each time a car passed I stepped out a bit
To look for mi mum
Drivers kept lookin at mi nervously and drivin off
Maybe thi thought I were a crocodile too
But they also kept smirking at mi
Then some cops pulled up
Made us stand again t' wall
'N' searched mi
Asked us if I were rentin
"Rentin' what? I'm Waitin for mi mum."
"Aye cap'n Hahaha I'm sure you are! Dressed in your tight little hot pants!"
"These aren't 'ot pants, they're chinos?!"
Then mi mum turned up an said "oh aye! This streets t' red light district!"
"Well bugger me!"
Never, never again... Until uni happened
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
I have wept at the edge of the earth.
I have stared death in the face and turned away
when he offered me his fractured hand.
I dance at the top of the mountain,
wishing I could grab up the sunlight washing over my
battlefield face, and pour it in a bottle
to keep hidden away in the back of my closet.
I often stifle my better judgement and lay
control of myself at the feet of a captain who only means me harm; I jump ship into the hurricane waters
Which toss me and tumble me
and churn me around without letting me up for air.
You take your lungs for granted until theres water inside of them. You take the light for granted until its dark
and cold
and you cant tell which way leads back to the shore.
But I make it back every time.
My eyes adjust to the dark,
and I remember that I know how to swim.
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
The morning light streams through the basement window and
kisses my cheek so softly I can hardly feel it. With one hand I trace my fingers over the shattered bits of
outer space floating around in my blue-green veins,
and use the other to cover the bruises
and scrapes on the tops of my knees.
I dont play the piano but I will spend the whole day trying
if it will make you smile.
And you can keep all your skeletons in my closet;
Youll still look the same to me darling.
Here, take my last two dollars,
only one of us can get a ticket for this bus ride home
and I want it to be you.
Im used to sleeping in alleys,
and youve never been without a pillow to lay your head on. Every time I will want it to be you.
Past all the white noise and thunder claps echoing
around in my mind, theres a calm,
for I know that after my heart gives out,
whether its tomorrow, or when Im old and shaky and gray;
whether its in a burning overturned car, or in a quiet unfamiliar hospital bed, even though it didnt feel like it at times,
I know this all really was for something.
I celebrate myself, and sing myself
because after all the shipwrecks, salt stains, empty water bottles littering the carpet,
after all of it,
I still make it back to the shore
every time.
Im watching lives,
lives that mightve
been mine
flit in and
out of impressionistic
existence in the days of
bursting moments
breeding sculpted trees into living
instruments breaching screeches
throughout our ears.
gods! How long its been
since eternities
spent lying
white lies across pale
secrets spilt on carpets
of ash inhaled to
just get past another still life of
tangled cigarettes atop
those books I
cant remember breathing
in picnics painted with
green black stares of
stripped down cathedrals and
Im leaving to repent my
thoughts twitching along
steel cords killing visions of storm
tossed seas smiling at
friendly dragons green,
just him and me laughing at
St. Georges dying look.
Cats cast bronze curls
inside sleeping shirts hanging
off the back of
suicide notes, shoulders bent
while we stare and
dare to listen to lives not
ours to live. Chocolate covered
whiskers fixing colors for our
pictures; but its all
false imaging anyway.
Pirates and witches taking
shots at our thoughts
downing liquored treats
divining dances towards the driven
roads leaking floors feeling
beats crackling down
our spine; cigarette
kisses in cafe corners
watching stars explode blank life in
gold spattered sheets.
A lone man hanging life ten
thousand miles high falling
into swirling cotton candy flames
and how I want to
believe it ever really meant
anything at all! Footprints
never changing in the
Moon lit laughs down streets
I hardly care to remember.
Black Crow!
Black Crow! How you
seem to fall out his eyes
crying chlorine tears into a
mouth never coughing up
life and breath lost on the
backs of laughter smiling mirrored
spirits of fleeting peace reflecting
tomorrows lives back to our
eyes searching fabled bravery
in Arsenic's cup.
Were all trying to see past
our eyes and
understand how we
can trivialize the rings of
swirling flames blinking in
Sols iris; photographed
silhouettes tying
tongues to labeled nebula
in one junkies eye
reflecting the need
gnawing upon my
mind watching your
thousand smiles spend
my time and Im trying
to remember what it meant
to see another breaking
mountainsides, ninety mph
vibes falling naked in the
grass underneath
your back.
Id rather watch ghosts
doubled, holding islands
of dust solidified on those
stone cold basement
floors fighting clothing to chase
an innocent drunk down stairs
falling into nights 900 miles
away, memories I dont have
cast aside, tiny capsules
encapsulating dying fires.
How G and R and
E reflect the sun in
skies dancing floating
clouds just gone by,
making friends with a
blaze of smoke pouring
out our words in the hue of
blue; lit cigarettes
catching the cold rim of
nights growing old
with fungus, chemicals
washed up on the edge of
photographs stained with
pieces of a memory in
a lamps single light; Im
borrowing cameras to
impress a girl entwined
in spiders silken webs
hanging voids of
every colored space.
And god, how young
these faces look, too
young in the company of
these stars scratching
at the door to break out
of these times; lost
bicycle rides down aisles
playing with Atlas
shrugging off his burdens
to ride 25 cent smiles
in the lights of tonights
fires dragging branches
dried of sunlight spilling
golden liquid out of
plastic red cups. Freshly
tattooed haircuts watching
in all earnestness
growing old and pretty
soon all our hair will run out
of our skulls to cover
the bathroom floors in
piss and vomit
covered stardust;
were peaking our heads
out the shower
while we dance tip toed
steps across the
branches growing out of decks into frozen
chemical nights.
The light under the lampshade,<em>
</em>needs a sacrifice<em>
</em>The night under the skies,<em>
</em>needs a paradise<em>
</em>Tonight I am going to take it to the future<em>
</em>Tonight I am going to take it to the moonlight<em>
</em>I am going to take it to the x 2<em>
</em>Tonight I am going to shed it at the brookside<em>
</em>Tonight I am going to take it to the future<em>
</em>Mama sold me,<em>
</em>to the pirates of the vast seas<em>
</em>Mama hold my hands,<em>
</em>and cast me to the depths<em>
</em>Tonight I am going to take it to the future<em>
</em>Tonight I am going to take it to the moonlight<em>
</em>I am going to take it to the x 2<em>
</em>Tonight I am going to shed it at the brookside<em>
</em>Tonight I am going to take it to the future<em>
</em>When my heart breaks into two<em>
</em>one beat holds the other<em>
</em>When my breath is sequenced<em>
</em>the waves holds the other<em>
</em>Tonight I am going to take it to the future<em>
</em>Tonight I am going to take it to the moonlight<em>
</em>I am going to take it to the x 2<em>
</em>Tonight I am going to shed it at the brookside<em>
</em>Tonight I am going to take it to the future
And I don't give a fuck that's my whole M.O.
I rock the whole globe with no problemo
Been rocking coats since my first demo
And now I'm banging hoes in the continental
And I done seen me slidin' out my dope ride
I open up the doorsthe doors, suicide
I came from the bottom, the sewer side
I made it to the topthe top cause I do it fly
Feelin' fuckin' lucky like the fuckin' Irish
I see the whole game from my third Iris
I tour the whole world like a dirty pirate
To give the whole club some Miley Cyrus
the beauty
in drifting apart
is that the ocean
only reveals
it's secrets
when
you are close
of letting go
*(k.w)
I am not a person
I am masterpiece gone awry
Made up of shipwrecks
With salt water leaking through,
Spilling onto the picked-clean bones
Of my beached whale ribcage
I am hollow hollow hollow
Like the knots of a tree
I curl into myself
Filling in the cracks of my carcass
With that too-sweet, too-sticky honey
I rot all through the winter
And then I rot some more
Poor captain hook
He was but
A simple pirate
Looking for treasure
And he found nevernever
Now he is down a hand
And out of luck
Haunted by that flying
Puck.
The pirate quartermaster, Maro, saw two galliots
Coming towards the carrack; the first one had ten cannons.
To start the maneuver on the carrack, he asked his pilots.
They were attacked by a volley of fire; maniac in action,
Maro caught up with this army and replied with another
Volley of fire, but he had to retire the carrack.
Then, the army came alongside it and fought in a smother.
This assault was preceded by some flurries of the bullet attacks.
Using the muskets and some small arms designed for superior
Accuracy, the army could leap from ship to ship;
Once the ships had met, the battle had been waged; ulterior,
They used long polearms and swords which were kept on their hips.
The first galliot approached and used the bowsprit,
A protrusion which was angled upward from the bow,
To charge the flank of the carrack; some pirates wanted to quit.
The bowsprit penetrated the breeze upper the low
Waist of the opened deck, in the middle; it could be used
As a connection between the ships; a part of the army
Fiercely attacked the pirates making them be confused.
The ships collided; raw in front of the enemy,
The hidden soldiers started to shoot; they held the fire
At a close range; this ship was narrow for the artillery,
But into saving some honest lives they had to inquire.
These guns were placed on the centerline by the military.
The pirates turned to the opposite direction, but they were
Attacked by the second galliot equipped in the same way.
The bandits could barely put up a resistance; their deaths were near.
The fight had lasted until it was all done in their play.
The first galliot caught the carrack with the help of
The other one; Maro ordered one of his crew to cut
A small hole in the carrack to make this ship sink thereof
And to hurry the soldiers to save the hostages, but
They would need to know if there was a way to swim to the shore.
They abandoned quickly the carrack; the result of the fight
Was the victory of the army, stopping the devil's roar.
They took three pirates captive; three escaped in the waters' night.
The governor had the loyalty of a gentleman
While keeping his word in front of Frederick and while
Dedicating himself to protecting any merchant
And any passenger; they disembarked on that emerald isle.
(Frederick, Pedro, Naimah, Miguel, Cruz, Ivan, Pedra, Chiara, Francesca and the remained crew went to Prinylas. Cruz was injured but still alive. At least, while having tears in his eyes, Frederick embraced his junior who looked exactly like him. The child smiled and touched his fathers face with his little hand. Geraldine embraced Frederick and kissed him while crying.)
The governor had built frigates and galliots to maintain
Safety on the coast and to guard them against the invasions.
Then, he sent them to capture the pirate ships hoping to gain
Peace, wealth and a good fortune for the future generations.
(To be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Forbidden Love**
I love you,
You love me.
I want to be together,
I want to be known as yours and always yours.
But you are a pirate
and I'm the princess
Your out there sailing the seven seas
Whilst I'm here waiting,
Hoping You'll show up and take me away.
10 year had past since I've seen you last,
I'm married, ruling the country.
Still hoping you'd show up
Sweep me off my feet.
But you never came
Now I'm on my death bed telling my husband
That I never loved him.
A single tear slipped from my eyes
As I slipped into a deep sleep
That I will never wake up to.
But I'm with you now,
Forever in my dreams
I believe your words
Your charm and seductive glares
Your angelic voice
And your devilish grin
I believe that you are not evil
Lamenting you are far away
Yet your lullabies travel in light years
An eruption
Acoustic hearts played upon
Shattering the boundaries in between
Light and dark colliding
Darkened skies, bright moon
Waiting for dawn
I believe stars will implode
And black holes fade
Dreaming a reality
Reality a dream
I believe you are imaginary
But physical
A vessel that floats in midair
Lowering an anchor in my heart
A pirate stealing my heart
I believe my world has been enlightened
With the presence of you
I believe white diamonds shimmer
With your rainbow colored eyes
I believe in you
I believe in love
I believe in places never visited
I believe in eternal memories
Eyes are the windows to the soul
Is that why they are called blinds?
To blind the world of our messes
Our distresses as we distrust.
To hide from judgement, expectations
From speculating agencies
To close separating realities
What's yours stays yours and what's mine has been buried in the basement
No x will mark that treasure
Straight from the horses mouth
Doesn't it imply more than bit or bridal?
A brides tale of how it was meant to be
Her dreams of borrowed blue and new
Blue skies cloud minds and fog memories
Of what she once knew of who she once held
Who was always him forever
Where he went was inconsequential
Gone, so she pushes back the memories Burying them deep
No x will mark that treasure
The early bird gets the worm
But isn't still too late for the worm?
Too late for a change of plans
To change the exchanges we've shared
To shift how we will be remembered
With fluttering morning wings
Mourning the loss of loved ones
Tears shed falling lightly in the grass
Seeping into earth and resting on wooden surface six feet below
No x will mark that treasure
You sit in front
of your computer
and telephone
thinking of the wife
(or husband),
the kids, your IRA,
making money
for other people.
Who loves you, baby?
How long has it been
since you could call
your life your own?
Do you possess
what is your's
or does it
possess you?
Obligation
is not a virtue.
Does your heart dance
or does it merely labor?
There is still time.
Reject the full catastrophe.
Dismiss obligation;
embrace possibility.
There remains
a beautiful world
out there:
hoist the black flag,
live like a pirate,
get naked,
dive in,
be alive.
-mce
feet buried under sparkling sand,
waves overlapping in colors of dreams
Sky meets water meets earth , define each world in-between
Mountains cities clouds on the skyline
Passion fruit pavlova for the eyes
Hush sprinkle goes the raging waves
who whisper wisdom about thirsty pirates
Hands grab the sculpted sand
Caressed into undulations of small time dunes by the shifting winds
Water , Sand , Clouds , Dimensions
Kites fly delicately in the shining sun who is best friends with the kites
Bali is the Magicians home - an island enclosed in the palm of a mystic glove
I can think of a million
places I'd rather be.
Lying on crystal sands
soaking up rays,
paying entry fees
to a Pirates game,
hugging you tightly,
or just chillin'
like a villain
listenin' to rock tunes.
And I can honestly tell you,
hidin' in camo,
lock and loaded
above the tree line
in a foxhole
ain't one of
them million places.
As this heart beats and my mind thinks,
Battlefields are taking place inside of me.
Two main teams:
The Soul-Mind versus Flesh-Life.
Pirates and Sailors both floatin the same ship.
Peace, sometimes...though mostly misery,
As I attempt to find calm at sea.
The oppositions create distance with the teams,
As they've come to disrupt my woken dreams.
Which one is right, I often think.
Two of the same,
The same are not two.
There is no sense to be made.
We trade, we trade, playing this game.
We are yet to know that in the end...
All is the same.
Stuck to the wall
with a pirate cringe, positivity illegal as sin
good vibes that almost hurt
like a wife-beater's undershirt
Tough to clean, hard to keep
even when the ground is getting steep
going up
They say it doesn't slam, gives you chance
it lays the land ahead
But I find the blue skies like to turn scarlet
and slip faithless from my wake
It's all me, all me
driving a stake through every chance I get
At regaining decorum--
which is hard to keep, tough to clean
after a massacre, a true disaster
The lawful bickers
of a girl curling in disgust because...
Because positivity feels counter-productive
Not to mention a little too...
Seductive.
These words are brought to you by a petty fit,
not a frolick, nor even
a moment of in-betweenness--
A damned-darling particulate fire
going up
I'm a lost soul, fingers cold
Stuck to the wall and let out a pirate cringe--
why don't you--
satisfy me with positivity legal as sin
Give me those good vibes, make them hurt
like a lover's wife's lacy undershirt
Nice and clean, hard to keep
especially when you're in. Too. Deep.
But you're only going up.
From. Here.
She walked her plank.
She was still afraid to drown as her great withered ship sank.
The sea whispered softly as salt water mixed with tears,
<em>Darling, dont be nervous,
Were the perfect pair,
Youre welcome here.</em>
She looked up from the water that licked at her feet,
And saw the boy that she loved as their tortured eyes did meet.
His hair ran rampant and blood pooled from his wrists,
And yet he still smiled and blew her a kiss.
Come on, love,
Dont look so blue.
I may be dying,
But Im dying with you.
She couldnt help but giggle,
As music screamed in her ears.
She never liked heavy metal,
But it seemed like what a person committing suicide would hear.
She sunk further into the bathtub that was a vast sea,
As more of his blood stained the tile once pristine.
They shared silent nostalgia of a love so traumatic.
Who knew a bloody bathroom floor could be so romantic?
As water enveloped the tip of her nose,
Over her face floated the petal of a rose.
And that was the death bed in which she would lay,
Until someone stumbled upon her shipwreck someday.
Her ship sucked her down into a dark aether,
And the plank that held her last step sank down with her.
As her last breath bubbled up from below,
The love of her life whispered death a <em>Hello.</em>
The most beautiful love is created through the most horrendous pain,
Now only the story of two will remain.
I have become
an enormous
nervous shipwreck.
too distant to
create what I
feel.
Eyeing the beautiful
and
missing out on
chances to
cooperatively fashion
love
and
beauty
to be
birthed in a world
of mud.
you are
death in a glass
that has me so
scared of losing.
we like to
kid about
ruining
each other:
because
we know
the potential
is there.
i am not
ready for
you to
wreck me:
but the
potential
is there.
Viola
Genuine Quick-witted
Island, Italy, Illyria
Shipwrecked, cross dresses as Cesario
Disguised, becomes Duke's loyal page
Viola loves Duke, Duke loves Olivia,
Olivia loves Cesario, but Cesario is Viola!
Sebastian, Viola's brother, survived the shipwreck, too!
The flames from the coal fire
drew pictures across the ceiling,
I
was held spellbound but earthbound by the stories
which grandfather told,
tales of pirates,lost gold and the Raja's from India,
tigers and paintings like I'd never seen
which danced in the dreams that I took
with me to bed.
He said to me,
'lead or be led
be one of the flock or the head
the choice is within you.
Grandad was wise and I supposed that he
knew almost everything about everything,
he'd been everywhere where there was anything
to see
or so he told me.
Grandad, dad's dad went away
left me sad
but dad said,
'don't fret
he's still with us'
and yet
I don't see him.
green is more grass than a garden's fecundity.
the sun... more moon than a woman's breast.
the eternal resolves like a crime scene.
and we weep for no one but the god
we loved least.
and Love is the few of Us.
a plank on a pirate ship
where we no more enjoy the piracy.
But
we ride where the wave dangles
and succumbs...
nothing is as pure as believing in nothing
because you can.
like a strong wind in a soft heart.
the wrong thing breathes
like theright love.
so what do you think I'm doing without You ?
Is it something that has a name
and doesn't drink ?
how dare you propose that the world has a yes
when no is so much of me now
like a yes.
we consume the trivial and glorify the gone.
but i am attuned to the never
like a black swan.
Unkindly are you,
Who steps into the light.
Who mocks my ways.
Who plunders my ship.
Ye scallywag.
You landlubber,
You crawling insect.
Step away from Mara,
My ship of Daedra.
Unkindly are you,
Who mocks the pirate captain.
I care not for your games.
And will shoot you,
With my dual cannon.
The deeper you stare into
The flotsam,
The clearer our origin stories
Become:
We are shipwrecks.
Islands
Bro-
ken Like bread and
Doused in
Salted wines.
We are cupbearers,

Slaves
With rusted chains
That dangle
Loosely
From our ankles,
Shrouding our skin from the harsh
Freedom
Sun offers.
warm-up.*
yep, and i turned a trombone into an elephant
trunk... and i didn't even touch anything,
i just looked at one thing, then looked at
the other thing, and then, boom! a synonymous
equation.
like i once said: at the quasi-end of capitalism
the far left will encourage everyone to have an artistic
expression, all the madmen also have art sessions
in asylums... art and the healing process...
please tell me when left politics begins to get
serious, the right would say: you want to escape
a job as a cashier? take l.s.d., forgot about the need
to "express yourself"... more harm than good...
but the prescription by a joke of leftist politics
is just that: become a closet artist,
or become a closet intellectual by simply donning
the groovy look of a beard and some chequered
shirt and ripped jeans and Converse sneakers,
or something, making you fit the profile of
an atypical Camden High Street shopper...
you see what i mean about art these days?
they said the same thing back when it was oil on canvas
or Drer's carvings - people will spend millions
on paintings, that's how they understand the worth
of art, they invest in objects that the artist invested in also,
meaning buying and selling dynamics:
paint and canvases and brushes and renting messy
studios...
the modern artist overshadows all other artistic efforts,
the cheap stuff, poetry is cheap shit,
pennies from heaven... what? that's the reality...
i wish i could say: taking interest in poetry,
liking poetry, and other such statements are equivalent
to in-secret liking some pop song... given that
the pop song is actually psychologically crafted to
the make you an automaton in appreciating it.
so it's called art, the Turner Prize 2005 winner...
turned a "shed" (take a look at it,
that's a shed? how big is your garden?
looks more like a storage house on some Caribbean
island where pirates roamed in the 17th century,
given the size) into a boat, sailed it down a river,
then rebuilt the boat into a shed...
are we laughing now? no one these days can compete
with artists, there's no classical
notion of painting, or writing, engulfed by advertising:
advertisers use rhyming - the old notion of art
has become engulfed by advertising -
however good you are,
you have to be a carpenter or a sculptor of some sort,
the rest is nothing; so this leftist prescription of keeping a
creative side when living in the mundane world is sickening...
all the jobs went to Asia, a bankruptcy of production...
if they only allowed us to have meaningful jobs
we wouldn't have to hear the bollocks of being prescribed
possessing a creative side...
in the quasi-end of
capitalism we're all artists... all of us...
am i desperate
about this state of affairs? should i be?
i have my trombone turned into an elephant
artwork - all the best to Simon Starling,
i'd be too lazy to do something like that...
what seems difficult to gulp down is how far
removed the 20th century is from today,
about how people appreciating art are primarily concerned
with large open spaces...
the idea of art these days fits perfectly
with the modern notion of claustrophobia...
it's supposed to be mingling with agoraphobia -
well, that's how i see it, who can tell if i'm right or wrong
if no opinion can actually be sustained by a prodding
conversation to deal with an opinion further?
well, we already know the end result of dialectics:
i know nothing - that's how the antique mouth of
Socrates changed, back when he invented it
i know nothing was a presupposition... leaving the
art barren, we know how it's going to end, which is why
we like strutting the peacock with sponge-like brains
of opinions.
i just look at the size of these art exhibitions -
massive open space rooms, a large piece of art, you
enter such a space and you attempt to mingle
the claustrophobia of a large crowd - and with such
a piece of artwork, notably it's size, you get the impression
of having a much larger reference in this world,
that you are more important than the world deems you to be,
well.. agoraphobia is a form of claustrophobia,
some phobias are synonymous,
a large open space, inside
a large piece of artwork...
i feel big...
i live in a few square miles and don't really venture out...
well, that's apparently called life...
tiers of the many platitudes...
or as i say?
keeping Shakespeare, for all his greatness is just about
making traffic... we're queuing - nothing more...
it's not even about holding to the dear life -
it's holding to the life that passed and will never return -
making our contemporary interpretation of life
a hush, when their's revived is a roar -
great trick... keep them with us long enough
so we get scared then the lions roar -
then watch them enter the classics domain
and become entertaining to a dozen people...
everything just seems to have a: u.b.d. (use by date)
and b.b.s. (best before date).
We took the back road to the house. The shade from the trees made the road feel like tunnel. Not a shred of light came in. We'd have to drive slow. The road wasn't made of concrete: it was made of dirt, rock, and dead leaves. Sometimes we could see the worms come up out of the dirt in the headlights, their pink stretching bodies like weird little fingers. Carrie never looked. She said it was too scary. The rest of us would look and watch them dance around like that. Sometimes we'd have to run them over. Of course, we'd feel bad about it, but we needed to get back to the house. There were things to be done. Nothing planned, but nonetheless, things to be done.
Englend reversed the car up to the front door. The liquor, the food, and the beer was in the back and would make it easier to get it from there. Patty and Carrie (the one scared of the worms) ran straight to the bathroom. They'd been complaining about how we never stopped at a gas station to pee. Englend said we didn't have the time and I just didn't care. Denny was in the same mindset as me. We usually were. Kat was looking out the window, thinking about something she didn't wish to share when we started to unload. She offered to help after she'd finished her thought, but the three of us said we had it. We didn't really, but we let her have her thought while we carried the bags. There weren't that many to complain about anyway.
When everyone was inside unpacking their things, I hung back and smoked a cigarette. I looked down at the river. It was full and rushing. The trees were full with bright, lime green leaves. The branches were tanned auburn from the sun. They looked the forearms of the Mexican girls at my high school: smooth, everlasting, stretching to a place I was never allowed to touch or look at. I ashed my cigarette into a pile of leaves and immediately worried that I was going to start a fire. I kicked it out, thrusting my boot heel into where I thought the ember had went.
"What the hell are you doing?" Englend screamed from the front porch, a handle of whiskey underneath his arm, a glass with ice in the other.
"Ashed into the leaves," I told him, "Trying to take it out." I kicked the leaves a few more times, then walked towards Englend.
"Let me get a hit of that," I said, pointing at the handle.
He spun the top and it rolled off the tread. The cap rolled off the deck and Englend chased after it, handing me the bottle first.
"Take this. Where'd the hell it go?"
"Down there somewhere," I said, pulling the bottle back. The sweetness of the whiskey hit my nostrils first, then the bite of the liquor. I coughed, feeling my eyes begin to water. The first one was always the hardest. After that, they got easier.
June had just ended. July was just arriving. The third was tomorrow and the next day was the fourth.
I took another pull from the handle. I placed on the decks railing and left Englend with it. He was still looking around for the bottle cap.
"I thought I saw it roll under the deck," I told him.
"Goddammit," he moaned. He looked up at me, "Come and help me. It'll be faster with two."
"Can't. Gotta' check on Carrie and get ourselves a room."
"Goddammit," he moaned again, reaching under the deck.
"Don't get your hand bit by a possum or rat or something!" I yelled behind me, going inside. "Carrie!" I screamed, "Where'd you go?"
"Upstairs getting our room ready!" I heard her scream from the 2nd floor, "Come and help me put the sheets on."
I went into the kitchen. Denny was stocking the fridge with the beer and the meat. I reached over his shoulder and grabbed a Budweiser. He had an open one in between his knees. The light stuff was on the bottom to the far left, the heavy stuff in the middle, and the expensive IPA, hoppy stuff to the far right. The top shelf was for food, mixer, and whatever else the girls had decided to get at the store. Fruit and things. I opened up the freezer. There were two handles of Smirnoff resting on three large bags of ice. We would need more ice. I closed the freezer and ran my fingers of the labels of two more handles of Cazadors tequila and Bulleit bourbon. Overall, I thought we were fairly stocked for the four day weekend, but one could never be to sure. People came out of the wood work for the 4th of July. No telling who would show up at our front door.
I went upstairs to see what Carrie was doing. She was laying on the bed with the sheets resting on the dresser. The light was off. The room was cast in that light grey pigment that happens when the bedroom light isn't there. It was nice. The sun had been straining my eyes the whole time even though I had been driving in the backseat. Carrie was laying face down on the bed. She was wearing a skirt, so I slowly laid down on the bed and inched her dress up. She didn't flinch or move, so I pulled it up until I saw her burgundy lace panties. They looked pressed or ironed or something they looked so clean.
"What're you doing?" Carrie asked me, her face down into the mattress.
"Just looking," I said.
"At what?"
"At your butt."
"Why?"
"Cause' it's nice."
"Close the door."
I got up, closed the door, and laid back down.
"Lets put the sheets on the bed first."
"OK," I said.
We put the sheets on the bed, but couldn't wait for the pillows and the rest of the blankets. We tried to be quiet, but knew we weren't. After, we took a shower together. I rubbed Carrie's shoulders while the hot water rained down on us. She said it was better to get a massage in the shower because the hot water loosened up the muscles. I didn't know if that was true or not, but I did it anyway. I watched her as she unpacked her bag. Her hair was wet and it swung back and forth, wetting her back. She was wrapped in her favorite pink towel. Water dripped from her body down to the floor. I waited to put my things away. I had brought up very little. Mostly booze. Carrie took up most of the dresser. I had one drawer by the time we were finished.
We took a nap. After we were done sleeping, we looked outside and saw the sun had been replaced with the night. The stars and the light coming from inside of the cabin streaked out into the forest like a splash of golden florescent paint. Carrie and I poked our heads outside to listen to the creaking trees and the rustling of animals through the bush. Someone downstairs was lightly clattering dishes as they cleaned them while the smell of red maple firewood burning in the fireplace came up to our room. I took out my phone from my pocket and looked at the time.
"Damn," I said, "It's already 10 o'clock."
"I'm starving."
"I'm starving and need a drink."
"Let's go downstairs and see what they made."
I slipped on my 501's while Carrie straightened up her hair. We went downstairs and saw two plates with hamburgers and fries on them. Patty was at the sink cleaning the pots and pans. She was staring down into the soapy froth, humming a song to herself I couldn't understand. She hadn't heard us come down. Denny, Englend, and Kat weren't in the living room.
"Where is everybody?" I asked.
"Oh!" Patty burst. She swung around, a soaped up frying pan in her hands. "You scared the SHIT out of me!"
I put my hands up, "Gotcha!" I said smiling.
"They went for a walk somewhere and left all the dishes for me."
"Leave'em," Carrie said, taking Patty's hands and wiping the soap away with a rag, "Van and I will take care of them."
"I only have a few more..."
"I insist!" Carrie took Patty's arm and lead her to the couch and laid her down. I took a cup from the pantry, filled it with ice, and poured Bulliet half-way up. I handed the glass to Carrie and she brought it to Patty.
"Look at that," Patty smiled, "Full-service."
"What you get when you come up to the Dangerson cabin."
"Damn right!" I exclaimed through a bite of hamburger, "Only the best here."
Patty leaned her head back after taking a long sip of the whiskey. She exhaled and closed her eyes. I watched her as her chest heaved up and down. She kicked off her shoes and let her hair fall over the armrest of the couch.
"You said they went into the woods, Patty?"
Carrie took her burger and went and sat next to Patty.
"Lift your legs up," Carrie said, "Let me sit with you."
"Yeah. They went into the woods an hour or so ago. Probably a little less."
I opened the fridge and grabbed another beer.
"What were they going out there for?"
"I have no idea."
"Probably to get firewood or something," Carrie said, "Can you grab me one of those."
"Sure," I said, tossing her one.
"Wait," She yelled, throwing her hands in the air. The beer landed right in one of her flailing hands.
"Nice catch," I laughed, opening the fridge and grabbing another.
"You're such a dick!"
I smiled and walked out onto the deck.
"He really is," I heard Carrie tell Patty.
"I heard that!"
"You were meant to!" she called back to me, laughing.
I shook my head and opened the can of beer. Why did they decide to go get firewood now? We had plenty of wood here already. Patty probably didn't know what she was talking about. That happened often. I strained my eyes to see through the darkness, maybe see if I could spot a flashlight or the round end of a lit cigarette, but the forest was just a wash of thick blackness. Even the stars had grown faint.
"Englend!" I shouted.
Nothing. Not a peep. They were far out there.
"Englend!" I shouted again.
"What the hell are you shouting at?" a voice said from the trees. I couldn't tell who it was, but it was someone I knew.
"Who the hell is that?"
"Well who the hell do you think it is?" It was Englend. He came out of the trees like a wild boar. He had a handle of whiskey in one hand with a pile of small twigs and firewood in the other. What came to mind first was a mix between a drunken Brawny guy and a pinecone.
"What's all the screaming about?" Kat asked, trailing behind Englend. Denny followed behind. They all had armfuls of wood. From what I saw, little would be useful, but I kept that to myself.
Englend came up the deck and handed me the handle. I took a long pull. As I drank, I looked up into the stars, which were now out and shining brighter than they were before. A cloud had moved, wavered off somewhere, presenting the gifts that were behind it. I lowered the bottle and watched Denny and Kat walk up the stairs. They were smiling.
"What are you two so happy about?" I asked, handing Denny the whiskey.
"Gimme' that!" Kat snagged it out of my hand, laughing. She took a long pull. Denny, Englend, and I watched, amazed that little hippy Kat could take such a heavy shot.
"Good God," I murmured.
"She drinks like a pirate," said Denny.
"A midget pirate," added Englend.
Kat was especially small. Not a <em>small person</em> small, but petite. She also had a great ass and could out drink, out party, and out do the rest of us in debaucherous shenanigans. She had never heard of the word or feeling of shame either and did, really, whatever the hell she felt like.
"I heard that you fuckers," she said, exhaling, blinking her eyes wildly.
"That was a biggun'," Denny said, taking the bottle and pulling it.
"Needed it. Englend had us wandering around the fucking forest for firewood the minute we got here."
"Do we even need any?" I asked.
"Course we do!" Englend exclaimed, "Gotta' keep our ladies warm!"
He put his arm around Kat and shook her.
"Gross..." Kat frowned, her face pickling while she squirmed out of his arms.
"You love it Kat...where's Patty? Where's my babe!?" Englend thundered off into the house.
"I'm right here," Patty squealed. She was still on the couch with Carrie. She kicked her feet crazily as Englend jumped on her. Carrie jumped off just before he cannon balled onto the couch.
"You guys are SICK!" Carrie screamed.
"You love it," they both said in unison. The two of them play wrestled until Patty finally got Englend by the balls and kissed him.
Denny handed Kat the bottle," You want another?" he asked.
"I'm good, Denny," she said.
"Hank?" He asked me.
"I'll take one, yeah," I said. I pulled it back as Kat went inside. I exhaled and looked at Denny, "So, you and Kat are the only two legitimate single people here. How you feel about that?"
"Hopeful," he said.
"That's good to hear. I'll see what Carrie can do."
"Sweet," he said nervously.
"Let's get inside. Patty made some burgers."
"Thank God," Denny sighed, shaking his head, "I'm fucking starving. Englend had us walking for fuckin' miles.
"No idea why. We have plenty of wood downstairs."
"Seriously?"
"Yeah. Lots of it. I cut a bunch the last time I was here."
"Dammit," he laughed, "Englend told us were out."
"He doesn't know what he's talking about," I said. We walked into the kitchen. I put the bottle down next to Carrie, who had made her way from the couch back into the kitchen. She looked at the bottle, then at me.
"What you drinking there?" she asked me looking at the bottle.
"Whiskey," I told her.
"Can you not drink so much?" she whispered so no one could hear her.
"I'm good," I said, taking her hand, "I just drank a little bit outside while I was waiting for Englend. They went on a wild goose chase for firewood."
"Good."
"Denny was telling me they went all over for the stuff."
"Why?" she smiled, "We have so much from the last time we were up."
"That's what I was telling Englend, but he didn't care. Guy gets antsy."
"Who's antsy?" Englend called from the couch. Patty was wrapped up in his eyes, looking drunk from the single shot Carrie and I had given her. Kat was on the couch with a beer. Denny was hovering by the door, rocking back and forth on his heels still holding an armful of fire wood.
"Why don't you just leave that by the door?" I told Denny, "Take a seat. Stay a while."
He dropped the firewood by the side of the front door and took a seat on the floor in front of the fireplace by Kat. He looked up at her and smiled, but she didn't notice. She was sipping her beer, rummaging around in her pocket for something.
"What I was saying was that you guys didn't need to get anymore firewood or kindling or whatever the hell you guys got because we have a lot from the last time Carrie and I were up."
"I saw those logs," said Englend, "And they're fucking twigs compared to what we got!"
Everyone laughed.
"Well," I said, opening the fridge for another beer (I wasn't sure where my other one had gone to), "I'm not taking the shit down."
"All good, we'll take it down."
"You'll take it down," said Kat, "We had to walk through half of the fucking forest to get to your <em>secret wood spot</em>, then walk back. I'm finished with wood for now."
"Fine," Englend moaned, "I'll take it down in the morning."
"I'll help you," Denny added.
"Good! We got two big guys to do it. It'll be done in no time."
I turned around and opened up the cabinet that was filled with shot glasses. I took six out, put them on the table, and filled them with whiskey.
"Let's take a group shot before we all start getting snuggly and sleepy."
"Great idea!" Englend shouted, popping up from the couch.
"For America!" Patty giggled, following Englend.
Kat helped Denny from the floor and walked over to the counter. They parted hands when Denny was on his feet, but I could tell he wouldn't mind holding her hand for the duration of the trip.
"I'm glad to have you all here," I said, "Glad we could do this."
Everyone nodded, smiling, holding their golden brown shots in the air.
"For America," I said.
"For America!" the rest of them yelled. We soaked in the glory of fine whiskey and hazy conversation for the rest of the night.
Everyone was moving slow in the morning. Englend seemed to be the most <em>up</em> out of everyone. I walked into the kitchen to him whipping 12 eggs, grating cheese, pan frying potatoes, bubbling coffee, and pouring orange juice into mimosa flutes. The champagne was already out. I thought, a little alcohol will probably do me some good. It did. After my third glass, I kissed Carrie when she groggily walked into the living room. She preceded to slump onto the couch. I brought her a cup coffee and some Advil. She smiled meekly into my glazed over, blood shot eyes. I could tell she was hurting, but she would be right in a couple hours. Once we got into the river, all would be right.
"Jesus," said Carrie, "You guys are already drinking?"
"Of course!" Englend laughed, "It's the fourth and it's already noon. We're behind if anything."
"And Englend made breakfast," I said.
"I can see th
I gave 5 dollars to the homeless man
that stepped into my path yesterday
and wouldnt move out off my way
thinking that I would not see
as he shuffled off with his fortune
I watched as he purchased a bottle
of ginger ale
and mixed it with whiskey
and I sighed, thinking
<strong><em>I cant control his destiny</em></strong>
Unlike the lighthouse keeper
who holds the bright light
in his hands
and one day just gives up
turns off the light
and descends the stairs
to quietly close and lock the door
Through such selfish actions
*I am the shipwreck
smashed against the rocks
to be the driftwood
that now litters the shore
On y revient ; il faut y revenir moi-mme.
Ce qu'on attaque en moi, c'est mon temps, et je l'aime.
Certes, on me laisserait en paix, passant obscur,
Si je ne contenais, atome de l'azur,
Un peu du grand rayon dont notre poque est faite.
Hier le citoyen, aujourd'hui le pote ;
Le  romantique  aprs le  libral . -Allons,
Soit ; dans mes deux sentiers mordez mes deux talons.
Je suis le tnbreux par qui tout dgnre.
Sur mon autre ct lancez l'autre tonnerre.
Vous aussi, vous m'avez vu tout jeune, et voici
Que vous me dnoncez, bonhomme, vous aussi ;
Me dchirant le plus allgrement du monde,
Par attendrissement pour mon enfance blonde.
Vous me criez :  Comment, Monsieur ! qu'est-ce que c'est ?
- La stance va nu-pieds ! le drame est sans corset !
- La muse jette au vent sa robe d'innocence !
- Et l'art crve la rgle et dit : C'est la croissance !
Gronte littraire aux aboiements plaintifs,
Vous vous bahissez, en vers rtrospectifs,
Que ma voix trouble l'ordre, et que ce romantique
Vive, et que ce petit,  qui l'Art Potique
Avec tant de bont donna le pain et l'eau,
Devienne si pesant aux genoux de Boileau !
Vous regardez mes vers, pourvus d'ongles et d'ailes,
Refusant de marcher derrire les modles,
Comme aprs les doyens marchent les petits clercs ;
Vous en voyez sortir de sinistres clairs ;
Horreur ! et vous voil poussant des cris d'hyne
A travers les barreaux de la Quotidienne.
Vous puisez sur moi tout votre calepin,
Et le pre Bouhours et le pre Rapin ;
Et m'crasant avec tous les noms qu'on vnre,
Vous lchez le grand mot : Rvolutionnaire.
Et, sur ce, les pdants en choeur disent : Amen !
On m'empoigne ; on me fait passer mon examen ;
La Sorbonne bredouille et l'cole griffonne ;
De vingt plumes jaillit la colre bouffonne :
Que veulent ces affreux novateurs ? a des vers ?
- Devant leurs livres noirs, la nuit, dans l'ombre ouverts,
- Les lectrices ont peur au fond de leurs alcves.
- Le Pinde entend rugir leurs rimes btes fauves,
- Et frmit. Par leur faute aujourd'hui tout est mort ;
- L'alexandrin saisit la csure, et la mord ;
- Comme le sanglier dans l'herbe et dans la sauge,
- Au beau milieu du vers l'enjambement patauge ;
- Que va-t-on devenir ? Richelet s'obscurcit.
- Il faut  toute chose un magister dixit.
- Revenons  la rgle, et sortons de l'opprobre ;
- L'hippocrne est de l'eau ; donc le beau, c'est le sobre.
- Les vrais sages ayant la raison pour lien,
- Ont toujours consult, sur l'art, Quintilien ;
- Sur l'algbre, Leibnitz; sur la guerre, Vgce.
Quand l'impuissance crit, elle signe : Sagesse.
Je ne vois pas pourquoi je ne vous dirais point
Ce qu' d'autres j'ai dit sans leur montrer le poing.
Eh bien, dmasquons-nous ! c'est vrai, notre me est noire ;
Sortons du domino nomm forme oratoire.
On nous a vus, poussant vers un autre horizon
La langue, avec la rime entranant la raison,
Lancer au pas de charge, en batailles ranges,
Sur Laharpe perdu, toutes ces insurges.
Nous avons au vieux style attach ce brlot :
Libert ! Nous avons, dans le mme complot,
Mis l'esprit, pauvre diable, et le mot, pauvre hre ;
Nous avons dchir le capuchon, la haire,
Le froc, dont on couvrait l'Ide aux yeux divins.
Tous on fait rage en foule. Orateurs, crivains,
Potes, nous avons, du doigt avanant l'heure,
Dit  la rhtorique : - Allons, fille majeure,
Lve les yeux ! - et j'ai, chantant, luttant, bravant,
Tordu plus d'une grille au parloir du couvent ;
J'ai, torche en main, ouvert les deux battants du drame ;
Pirates, nous avons,  la voile,  la rame,
De la triple unit pris l'aride archipel ;
Sur l'Hlicon tremblant j'ai battu le rappel.
Tout est perdu ! le vers vague sans muselire !
A Racine effar nous prfrons Molire ;
O pdants !  Ducis nous prfrons Rotrou.
Lucrce Borgia sort brusquement d'un trou,
Et mle des poisons hideux  vos guimauves ;
Le drame chevel fait peur  vos fronts chauves ;
C'est horrible ! oui, brigand, jacobin, malandrin,
J'ai disloqu ce grand niais d'alexandrin ;
Les mots de qualit, les syllabes marquises,
Vivaient ensemble au fond de leurs grottes exquises,
Faisaient la bouche en coeur et ne parlant qu'entre eux,
J'ai dit aux mots d'en bas : Manchots, boiteux, gotreux,
Redressez-vous ! planez, et mlez-vous, sans rgles,
Dans la caverne immense et farouche des aigles !
J'ai dj confess ce tas de crimes-l ;
Oui, je suis Papavoine, rostrate, Attila :
Aprs ?
Emportez-vous, et criez  la garde,
Brave homme ! temptez ! tonnez ! je vous regarde.
Nos progrs prtendus vous semblent outrageants ;
Vous dtestez ce sicle o, quand il parle aux gens,
Le vers des trois saluts d'usage se dispense ;
Temps sombre o, sans pudeur, on crit comme on pense,
O l'on est philosophe et pote crment,
O de ton vin sincre, adorable, cumant,
O svre idal, tous les songeurs sont ivres.
Vous couvrez d'abat-jour, quand vous ouvrez nos livres,
Vos yeux, par la clart du mot propre brls ;
Vous excrez nos vers francs et vrais, vous hurlez
De fureur en voyant nos strophes toutes nues.
Mais o donc est le temps des nymphes ingnues,
Qui couraient dans les bois, et dont la nudit
Dansait dans la lueur des vagues soirs d't ?
Sur l'aube nue et blanche, entr'ouvrant sa fentre,
Faut-il plisser la brume honnte et prude, et mettre
Une feuille de vigne  l'astre dans l'azur ?
Le flot, conque d'amour, est-il d'un got peu sr ?
Virgile, Pindare, Orphe ! est-ce qu'on gaze,
Comme une obscnit, les ailes de Pgase,
Qui semble, les ouvrant au haut du mont bni,
L'immense papillon du baiser infini ?
Est-ce que le soleil splendide est un cynique ?
La fleur a-t-elle tort d'carter sa tunique ?
Calliope, planant derrire un pan des cieux,
Fait donc mal de montrer  Dante soucieux
Ses seins blouissants  travers les toiles ?
Vous tes un ancien d'hier. Libre et sans voiles,
Le grand Olympe nu vous ferait dire : Fi !
Vous mettez une jupe au Cupidon bouffi ;
Au clinquant, aux neuf soeurs en atours, au Parnasse
De Titon du Tillet, votre got est tenace ;
Apollon vous ferait l'effet d'un Mohican ;
Vous prendriez Vnus pour une sauvagesse.
L'ge - c'est l souvent toute notre sagesse -
A beau vous bougonner tout bas :  Vous avez tort,
- Vous vous ferez tousser si vous criez si fort ;
- Pour quelques nouveauts sauvages et fortuites,
- Monsieur, ne troublez pas la paix de vos pituites.
- Ces gens-ci vont leur train ; qu'est-ce que a vous fait ?
- Ils ne trouvent que cendre au feu qui vous chauffait.
- Pourquoi dclarez-vous la guerre  leur tapage ?
- Ce sicle est libral comme vous ftes page.
- Fermez bien vos volets, tirez bien vos rideaux,
- Soufflez votre chandelle, et tournez-lui le dos !
- Qu'est l'me du vrai sage ? Une sourde-muette.
- Que vous importe,  vous, que tel ou tel pote,
- Comme l'oiseau des cieux, veuille avoir sa chanson ;
- Et que tel garnement du Pinde, nourrisson
- Des Muses, au milieu d'un bruit de corybante,
- Marmot sombre, ait mordu leur gorge un peu tombante ?
Vous n'en tenez nul compte, et vous n'coutez rien.
Voltaire, en vain, grand homme et peu voltairien,
Vous murmure  l'oreille :  Ami, tu nous assommes !
- Vous cumez ! - partant de ceci : que nous, hommes
De ce temps d'anarchie et d'enfer, nous donnons
L'assaut au grand Louis juch sur vingt grands noms ;
Vous dites qu'aprs tout nous perdons notre peine,
Que haute est l'escalade et courte notre haleine ;
Que c'est dit, que jamais nous ne russirons ;
Que Batteux nous regarde avec ses gros yeux ronds,
Que Tancrde est de bronze et qu'Hamlet est de sable.
Vous dclarez Boileau perruque indfrisable ;
Et, coiff de lauriers, d'un coup d'oeil de travers,
Vous indiquez le tas d'ordures de nos vers,
Fumier o la laideur de ce sicle se guinde
Au pauvre vieux bon got, ce balayeur du Pinde ;
Et mme, allant plus loin, vaillant, vous nous criez :
Je vais vous balayer moi-mme !
Balayez.
Paris, novembre 1834.
You curled your hand around my chin and told me to "never change"
and I don't know if I can do that because
I think I've got hurricanes in my hair
and the graveyards of shipwrecks in my ribcage
with the force of ten thousand years of tides crashing against
the hulls of my chest
and you are the lighthouse glaring through the storm
you always chide me for opening my mouth and shutting it before emitting any words
I'm just trying to keep my head above water
For one month Odysseus toiled and
Built up the house that stood so great before,
Clearing away the cobwebs that had been.
Twenty years since truly being a home,
Twenty years since being filled with laughter
That was more than lust of insolent men.
And so Odysseus sent for his son
That they may set out on an angling jaunt.
Whilst they were making their way in the deep,
A strange singing filled the air and they were
Surrounded by fog as thick as the stew
Telemachus mother often prepared.
Out of the mist strode a Nereid with skin
The color of the purest of milk creams.
Silky hair fell in lush amber waves down
Her flawlessly curved back, flowing smoothly
Such as the Nile river in the wind.
And she said unto them, Friends, do not be
Frightened, for I shall bear you no harm. You
Who have come from years of fear and anguish,
I now call to bear a terrible task.
There is a great daemon in these waters,
An archfiend who calls herself Lamia.
She eats any children who dare descend in
Waters where she lurks hidden in shadow.
She snatches at the ankles of the young
Like a solicitous epistle grasps
At the heartstrings of those who read it. She
Is a sickness that has no remedy,
A war with no end. She is the dark thought
One cannot be rid of. She is pure death.
Please, great Odysseus, vanquish this thing
Haunting every step of the innocent.
I give to you this costume that one may
Receive the breath of life underwater.
Upon agreeing to the colossal
Undertaking, Odysseus and his
Progeny initiated their search
Across the marine for the beast behind
The mask of trepidation. However,
Twas not long until Lamia herself
Appeared to them and made to devour
Telemachus himself, for he was a
Young man, young enough to vex her temper.
This thing that had risen out of the depths,
She had a beautiful face matched closely
Only by Venus herself. But beneath
The splendor is that of an animal
With the scaled, winding tail of an immense
Serpent and talons ending her long hands.
She apprehended the son of our great
Hero in a clawed fist and began to
Raise him to her massive gaping gullet.
Before the harm was done, Odysseus
Seized a sarsen from a near formation
And heaved it at Lamias beautiful
Head. The boulder succeeded in breaking
All of her shining teeth, preventing her
From consuming Telemachus. She
Fulminated for a moment, and then
Hastily withdrew to her cavernous
Space.
Odysseus followed, retrieving
A bronze sword from a shipwreck he passed in
His haste. Brandishing his weapon fiercely,
He charged. Managing to scarcely avoid
Lamias lashing tail and slashing claws,
He climbed to the base of her neck and plunged
The sword into the soft flesh that was there.
He tore the blade back and forth, severing
The pronounced head from her ghastly body.
After slaughtering the daemon, the two
Swam for shore, Telemachus breathing by
Way of keeping hold of his fathers suit.
Once at the surface of the sea, they were
Met once again by Amatheia,
The Nereid whod charged them with the duty,
Who rewarded Odysseus with a
Magic bag that could hold any item,
Size or shape, and never got heavy, no
Matter its load. When given, it held 100,000
Drachma, a great deal of money for them.
After thanking her freely and being
Thanked in return, the men were magicked back
To their home on Ithaca, where remained
Penelope, wife to Odysseus.
They lived quite happily off the money
Gifted graciously to them, and were graced
By the great Gods forevermore for the
Grim duties performed by Odysseus.
Que voulez-vous de plus de la New Orleans?
Nutria sniped from shotgun shacks,
Horseradish hand grenades, get out of jail free charades.
Oyster forks in Lafourche talk the Trinity,
Those poor boys preceded Sal's Snowballs.
Papa Q raced the tracks; trains and thoroughbreds.
We were pubescent pirates, deck hands for hired luck,
Trifectas bribing our age, thirteen.
'Buted up' horses breaking down, their chalk line finite.
Late Spring, the Jazz rains for dusty crowds,
Like groundhogs gorging crawfish bread in Gospel tents,
Smelling of spices and creole sweat, a serenity treat, home.
Mom's Monday red beans, stirring since Sunday, salivating glands.
Rear view Blues light, chasing 23.8 miles,
Causeway, 'laissez faire' attitudes over Lake Pontchartrain,
When bedding the D.A.'s daughter is my convenient, corrupt plea.
Heir to Napoleonic code, law fallacies And
Alligator alleyways rush youth's normalcy.
The Dr. &amp; Professor bled on all eighty-eight, resonating
From Frenchman to Tips, black and white keys turned red,
Tuning out race or nomenclature, lower wards up garden districts.
Second line's ancestors, parading dead down Marigny, joyfully.
Que voulez-vous de plus de la Nawlins?
There are no Apaches
With flaming arrows and piebald ponies
There are no writhing jungles round here
There are no lost temples
Hiding untold treasures
There are no damsels to be rescued
By a knight on a white charger
There are no pirates on the high seas
No skull and crossbones flying
Above a deck bristling and glistening
With cutlasses and flintlocks ready
And hook hands and black eye-patches
In the sunlight of the Spanish Maine
There are no interplanetary wars
With hand-held laser guns
And weird creatures from strange worlds
They just do not exist
I learned this when
I was very very young
And I really wanted to be a pirate
By Phil Roberts
There'd only plundering be;
If all of us were wolves,
No sheep could flee....
Oh, the pirate's life for thee.
And the pirate's life for me,
And the world were all in flames,
And the world were all in flames.
If everyone were pirates,
Why, villains all we'd be,
And every deck-born swab
Would glower at you and me
With our laces and our kerchiefs,
And our killer pirate wigs
As we stormed across the continents and seas;
As we stormed across the continents and seas.
And good men, none, would live their lives,
With the gentling help of their good wives;
And children, all, would yell and terrorize,
Chasing down the nursemaid with the kitchen knives.
If everyone were pirates,
No farmers, and no fishers on the beach,
No bakers, and no soldiers continental,
No doctors, and no teachers left to teach,
No preachers and no sermons for to preach,
But only pirates coming up the streets...
But only pirates coming up the streets.
In the depths, watching, lurking
Duties to perform, never shirking
Drag them down, to the deep unknown
Drag them down, take their souls
Drag them down, make them pay
Drag them down, while far away
A mother lies
A child cries
For the boy
Oh, so young
Who wanted
To be
A
Pirate
My skin is p al e
My body c o ld
And in my chest lies a broken heart of fools gold
My re alit<em>y</em>I<strong>on</strong> ce knew <em>i</em>s ha <em>z</em>ya nd n <em>on</em> exist en<em>t</em>
It's grown old
And I'm becoming tired of being bold
And being told right from wrong
I'm sinking softly down when I don't know how to swim
Every inch that I further lose from possibility to stay afloat is lessening my want or need for a life boat
Every breath I attempt to take fills my lungs with ugly pseudonyms and sends me down deeper into my lonesome underpopulated town inhabited only by fragments of once strong relationships that i held so close to me that I c ould n't<em>b reat h e</em>, the relationships that kept my entire being from sinking in the first place.
I'm drowning and I can't see what's even in front of me
I'm a ship bound by anchor to the wrong bad habits of shedding my blood willingly to bloodthirsty ravenous sharks in the sea of my minds eye
This was once a safe harbor for the ones I kept close
The ones that knew what mattered to me and the ones I cherished most
Now its a sea full of<em>gh o sts</em>
Of the people I trusted them the <strong>most</strong>
I trusted them to not turn on me or use me like a host
And now I'm the onedro w ning
I' msosca red
Now when I share my harbor it feels so
<em>U</em> <em>n</em><em>fa</em><em>i</em> <em>r</em>
They don't <em>understand</em> what I risk give to let them be there
It never harbors in their heart as deeply as it does mine
The possibility of even defining how hard it is to let these ships safely pass through this harbor will now and forever never be able to escapemy pale numbing lips
Only <em>silence</em>
Everything here is just riddled with murderous crashing waves
Any relationship that enters I try so desperately to save
And in that attempt
The harbor starts to misbehave
The waves destroy every boat or anything that floats
Anything at all to help me cope with being so alone or the feeling of even remotely being at home.
My fingertips are numb and cold and starting to fold and I can't feel those things I could before
I just want all of this over
N om o re <em>dro</em> <em>w</em> <em>n</em><em>i</em> <em>n</em><em>g</em>
All my life boats have sunk
Now I'm just stuck
All these hands and graves are grabbing at me and pulling me do<em>w</em>nev <em>e</em>ry w<em>hi</em> <strong>ch</strong> wa <em>y</em><strong>a</strong>t<em>t</em>he
bo<em>t</em>t o<strong>m</strong> <strong>of</strong> the
<strong>o</strong>ce a<em>n</em>
<strong>u</strong>n<em>d</em> <em>er</em>
<em>al</em> l
th <strong>e</strong> s <em>e</em>
h e <em>a</em><strong>v</strong> y
waves.
dye my hair blue // whenever im on land i can still be at home // cut it to my shoulders // choppy like my beloved waves // hack off my limbs // replace them with tools // place a cloth over my eye // a telescope needs only one to seek // place my sword at my hip // treasure betrays my ships name // the mist in my hair smells of salt // the wood under my peg stands sturdy // all men alike who cause trouble // hoist the sails // thou shalt not stumble
I.
En ces temps-l c'tait une ville tombe
Au pouvoir des Anglais, matres des vastes mers,
Qui, du canon battue et de terreur courbe,
Disparaissait dans les clairs.
C'tait une cit qu'branlait le tonnerre
l'heure o la nuit tombe,  l'heure o le jour nat,
Qu'avait prise en sa griffe Albion, qu'en sa serre
La Rpublique reprenait.
Dans la rade couraient les frgates meurtries ;
Les pavillons pendaient trous par le boulet ;
Sur le front orageux des noires batteries
La fume  longs flots roulait.
On entendait gronder les forts, sauter les poudres ;
Le brlot flamboyait sur la vague qui luit ;
Comme un astre effrayant qui se disperse en foudres
La bombe clatait dans la nuit.
Sombre histoire ! quel temps ! et quelle illustre page !
Tout se mlait, le mt coup, le mur dtruit,
Les obus, le sifflet des matres d'quipage,
Et l'ombre, et l'horreur, et le bruit.
France ! tu couvrais alors toute la terre
Du choc prodigieux de tes rebellions.
Les rois lchaient sur toi le tigre et la panthre,
Et toi, tu lchais les lions.
Alors la Rpublique avait quatorze armes.
On luttait sur les monts et sur les ocans.
Cent victoires jetaient au vent cent renommes,
On voyait surgir les gants !
Alors apparaissaient des aubes rayonnantes.
Des inconnus, soudain blouissant les yeux,
Se dressaient, et faisaient aux trompettes sonnantes
Dire leurs noms mystrieux.
Ils faisaient de leurs jours de sublimes offrandes ;
Ils criaient : Libert ! guerre aux tyrans ! mourons !
Guerre ! et la gloire ouvrait ses ailes toutes grandes
Au dessus de ces jeunes fronts !
II.
Aujourd'hui c'est la ville o toute honte choue.
L, quiconque est abject, horrible et malfaisant,
Quiconque un jour plongea son honneur dans la boue,
Noya son me dans le sang,
L, le faux-monnayeur pris la main sur sa forge,
L'homme du faux serment et l'homme du faux poids,
Le brigand qui s'embusque et qui saute  la gorge
Des passants, la nuit, dans les bois,
L, quand l'heure a sonn, cette heure ncessaire,
Toujours, quoi qu'il ait fait pour fuir, quoi qu'il ait dit,
Le pirate hideux, le voleur, le faussaire,
Le parricide, le bandit,
Qu'il sorte d'un palais ou qu'il sorte d'un bouge,
Vient, et trouve une main, froide comme un verrou,
Qui sur le dos lui jette une casaque rouge
Et lui met un carcan au cou !
L'aurore luit, pour eux sombre et pour nous vermeille.
Allons ! debout ! ils vont vers le sombre Ocan,
Il semble que leur haine avec eux se rveille,
Et dit : me voil ; viens-nous-en !
Ils marchent, au marteau prsentant leurs manilles,
A leur chane clous, mlant leurs pas bruyants,
Tranant leur pourpre infme en hideuses guenilles,
Humbles, furieux, effrayants.
Les pieds nus, leur bonnet baiss sur leurs paupires,
Ds l'aube harasss, l'il mort, les membres lourds,
Ils travaillent, creusant des rocs, roulant des pierres,
Sans trve hier, demain, toujours.
Pluie ou soleil, hiver, t, que juin flamboie,
Que janvier pleure, ils vont, leur destin s'accomplit,
Avec le souvenir de leurs crimes pour joie,
Avec une planche pour lit.
Le soir, comme un troupeau l'argousin vil les compte.
Ils montent deux  deux l'escalier du ponton,
Briss, vaincus, le cur inclin sous la honte,
Le dos courb sous le bton.
La pense implacable habite encore leurs ttes.
Morts vivants, aux labeurs vous, marqus au front,
Il rampent, recevant le fouet comme des btes,
Et comme des hommes l'affront.
III.
Ville que l'infamie et la gloire ensemencent,
O du forat pensif le fer tond les cheveux,
Toulon! c'est par toi que les oncles commencent,
Et que finissent les neveux !
Va, maudit ! ce boulet que, dans des temps stoques,
Le grand soldat, sur qui ton opprobre s'assied.
Mettait dans les canons de ses mains hroques,
Tu le traneras  ton pied !
Jersey, 28 octobre 1852.
Bride of the desert
the indomitable town
Solomons Kingdom
<strong>

Lost in history, I wander through a city that was fortified by King Solomon, raided by Mark Antony and ruled by Queen Zenobia who made it the capital of an empire, only to be captured herself and paraded through Rome in gold chains.
Civilisation upon civilisation are entombed within Tadmur; in a huge plain of carved stone blocks, massive columns arched in rows or standing alone, a Romanesque theatre, senate and baths, dominated by a great temple whose origin dates back four thousand years.
Due to a clever mistranslation from Arabic by the euro-centric traveller who discovered Palmyra, the city also has a modern name.
Here for millennia, a tribe of Bedu have camped within the folds of these desert steppes and blackened Tadmurs ruins with their camp fires, to trade camels or herd goats and sheep. Walking the divide between city, desert and the more fertile steppes, I search for their surviving descendants and find a black woven goats hair tent with its edges raised to capture a cooling breeze.
Hamed and his sons, huge and wary of foreigners, welcome me to sit within oncarpets and then graciously serve dates with innumerable small glasses of tea. I indicate enough in the traditional manner by rolling my right hand and the empty glass. Hamed continues to voice his concerns about the lack of feed for their sheep and the prices achieved at market. I readily succumb to several small cups of greenish Arabic coffee, before being allowed to take my leave.
For millennia the wealth of this city was based on tariffs levied on goods flowing out of the desert aboard swaying camel caravans. Today, these once proudly fierce tribal Bedu no longer breed, train or ride camels.
The Bedu greatly prize their reputation and the respect of their peers. Their traditions are the foundation of these small tribal communities and may predate Islam;a life now undermined by borders, nationalism, government settlement plans, conscription, war, television and tourism.
<em>*+ + +++
Black torn empty shells
swept by Mount Lebanons shade
Cannabis Valley
</em></strong><em>
As I recall a haiku of images ofmy very first journey to Damascus, from war-torn Beirut through the lushness of the Bekaa;
<strong>
in the here and now
a dark suit and Mercedes
cross the Euphrates
</strong>
Defence Minister, Rifaat al-Assad is in town with his fifty thousand strong Defence Companies, complete with tanks, planes and helicopters.A coup dtat is in progress to assure Rifaats succession to the Presidency of his older brother Hafiz al-Assad, now recovering from a heart attack.
Last year, Rifaat massacred some forty thousand Syrian citizens when he ordered the shelling of the city of Hama. Nobody in Damascus will be underestimating him.
All political and military power is in the hands of the al-Assads and key generals, who command the military and police. The majority of whom are of the Alawite minority Muslim faith from the rural districts near Latakia in the North. Before their revolution, governments came and went in weeks.
My friend Elias is allied to Rifaats cause, by simply doing business with the son. Now he and his family share the risks and dangers of this coup failing and stand to lose a fortune. Monies paid locally in Syrian pounds for goods delivered to government agencies.
Eliass connection with Rifaat and Latakia, as well as his confident presence, humour and love of life, still allows us easy access to the Generals Club. Sadly, there is to be no table and floorshow, but a closed meeting with two senior Generals, where we learn that Hafiz has recovered enough to take charge and is now locked in discussions with his younger brother.
The decision is therefore made for us. We say our goodbyes and drive to Latakia.
On Sunday Elias meets his brothers, then with his family, we visit his parents small holding and enjoy a meal together. A wonderful fresh mezza that includes my favourite, courgettes stuffed with ground lamb and rice, in a yogurt sauce. Syrian food is amazingly healthy and my cuisine of choice.
It is a cloudless Monday morning, as I, Elias, his wife and children drive into the docks to board an old 46 foot motor cruiser. Huge cases are stowed as I make my inspection, then start the twin diesels and switch on the over-the-horizon radar. Our early departure is critical. We cast off and the Mate steers for the harbour entrance below the cliffs that guard it. As the Mediterranean lifts our bow in greeting, the disembodied voice of the Harbour Master tells us to return as we do not have permission to sail.
Ignoring the order, I increase our speed through the short choppy surf. We are sailing under the Greek Cypriot flag and in an hour I hope to be out of territorial waters.At 14 knots we are a slow target.
Fifteen nautical miles from the coast of Syria, I leave the mate to follow a bearing for Larnaca. Elias has opened a bottle of Black Label. I quaff a glassful.
Later noticing a noisy vibration and diagnosing a bent prop shaft, I shut down the starboard engine. Our speed is now a steady 8 knots, so I decide on a new heading to discern more quickly the shadow of the Cypriot coastline on the radar screen.
Midway, the mate and Elias begin babbling about a small vessel ahead and four separate armoured boxes encircling it. Ugly Israeli high speed gun boats or worse, Lebanese pirates. Should they board us and find stowed riches, we will be killed.
Leaving the Mate to maintain our course, I go on deck to play the European Owner.The vessel they have trapped is long and lean with three tall outboard motors but no crew are in sight.Leaving them astern, our choice of vessel now fully exonerated, I and Elias throw another whisky down the hatch.
With us holding the correct bearing, I ask Elias to wake me as soon as we near Cyprus. Feeling utterly exhausted I collapse into a bunk.
I wake unbidden, to find the Mate steering for the harbour entrance. Shouldering him aside, I spin the wheel to bring the vessel about.Shaking, I ask them why there are minarets on the church and did they not notice our being observed from the top of the harbour's hillock, below which a fast patrol boat is anchored?The Mate sprints to the Greek Cypriot flag and is hugging it to his chest; Elias wisely prays.
I command the wheel as we motor directly away from the port of Famagusta and Turkish held Northern Cyprus. We later change bearing and pass tourist beaches, it is night fall before we moor-up in Larnaca.
<strong>+ + +++</strong>
Later that same year I am called to a last urgent meeting in Cyprus with Elias. He calmly tells me that he will be arrested when he rejoins his family, who have returned to Syria. Elias asks me to take full control of his Cypriot Businesses, then returns home and disappears with his brothers.
<strong>+ + +++</strong>
Since sacking the two Arab General Managers when they tried to get control of the bank accounts, it has taken more than six months to locate the prison holding all the brothers. We obtain the release of all except Elias, who has been tortured.We then purchase him the exclusive use of the Prison Governor's quarters and twenty four hour access for Eliass family, nurses and doctors.
<strong>+ + +++</strong>
Over the last two years, I have honoured my promises and expanded trade as far as Pakistan. Elias is still imprisoned.
*</em>+ + +++
Let me tell you why i cound't love him,
when all he thought of me was idealized
like some fairy in a fairytale ready to
aid him on his quest on his story.
How he loved my dyed hair or how i never
seemed to settle on a color
but not because i was fickleand adventurous
but because color fades naturally.
Let me tell you how he treated me like some
discovery, a treasure for greedy pirates
and suddenly i wans't even a person,
i was his involuntary manic pixie dream girl;
a level in a game, a mage to give him answers
when i didn't even understood the questions.
How i was somehow supposed to teach him
life and love when its just me being me,
a girl attempting to live her life and every flaw
suddenly glitter covered and gold encrusted;
my anxiety reduced to a quirk and my depression
just so edgy.
Let me tell you that I couldn't love a boy,
-selfcentered and presumptious-
when all he saw in me was a character and not
a partner.
A boy who never even knew me but pretended.
standing on top of withering rocks
my hair doesn't blow with the wind
but against
it.
my pupils shrink and lust for darkness
i'm unable to blink
i'm unable to embrace <strong>balance</strong>
why can't this landscape appear like before?
Everything Has Changed.
colors faded//exposed for the truth
underneath the glamour; the bullshit
it is now a fragment of my being
blending and becoming comfortable.
snapshots of a collapsing atmosphere
hand on my chest, i push this back in.
there will be no escape.
these illustrations of my reality
will remain my secret shipwreck.
i still smile blindly and hold back the wolves
the rest just are not ready
and i am too complacent
with this charade; this
elaborate lie i have orchestrated.
so the storm remains
and the lightning burns my spinal fluid
bringing it to a boil
i grit my teeth, i sip my drink
and i tell you how great my day has been.
You can't remember where
Your buried treasures lie;
It's been years
Since you turned the earth,
Measured the wealth,
Stored it for days of leisure.
You lost the life mapped
With the <em>X</em>.
Why?
Did you mark the spot with <em>G</em>,
Or did you sell theplunder?
Remember, you're no younger.
All your troves,
Blue ribbons and bows,
The buttons, the pins,
Your souveniers and sins
Have left you bankrupt.
I'm not a parrot keeper,
Can't curl my lip like Elvis;
Or sail into bays
To recover lost treasures.
theres a magpie in my garden he is black and white
and he likes to steal things that are very bright
a proper little bandit who never wore a mask
stealing it was easy a simple little task
any thing that shone it would to catch his eye
he would pick it up then off againwould fly
up in to the air the magpie he would soar
thenwould hide is booty and come back for more
a cheeky little chap as cheeky as can be
a proper little pirate sailing also free.
She kissed me and i was shaken, not shocked.
The difference between shaken and shocked is one is physical and the other is emotional.
Everything in my body, even my heart shifted aside to eventually let her set her shipwreck aside my heart. It still aches for you. I don't know what i didn't have, but i know what you did.
I could sit here and tell you about how beautiful she is through big words and cute sentences but the fact of the matter is, she still isn't here and i don't think she'll ever be back.
Here's to the death of me and Here's one for the cool side of the pillow.
Like a ghost on the wind
She comes from the sea
And trembles the foe
So wild and free
With swashbuckling swagger
And a Jolly Roger laugh
She flies the black flag
On a whalebone staff
She has terrifying eyes
And a ring in her ear
And on her sun tanned face
A flippant leer
With a bone-cold glare
And a sneer on her lip
She has coins in hand
And a cutlass on hip
With a thunderous blast
From her cannons' might
She plants fear in the strong
And steals the fight
She takes all that's lost
And turns it to gold
For she's crafty and devious
And frightningly bold
She is dashing and daring,
A fierce buccaneer
Faces of many
Pale when she's near
From ocean to ocean
Her tales are spun
About the queen of the pirates
For in the end she won
there was a big black cat and he just longed to be
a pirate on the ocean sailing on the sea
with his pirate ship and his pirate hat
and a big black patch a proper pirate cat.
he started on his journey across the oceans blue
hoping to find treasure in lands he never knew
he came across an island and he rowed a shore
there were lots of things he never saw before.
he took a look around to see if he could see
find a hiddden place where treasure just might be
suddenly a parrot come flying from and a tree
then he said to cat just you follow me.
cat he followed parrot along the island shore
they walked for a while then a little more
then they saw a box buried in thethe sand
cat began to dig and parrot gave an hand.
they dug out the box the treasure had been found
opened up the lid and and had a search around
there were lots coins and some golden rings
goblets made of silver and lots of other things.
cat was very happy his dream it had come you
now he was a pirate and had a parrot to
Each pad sinks deeper into the soft
smushy, slush that was once hard like
Oak paneling in an old farm house.
The snow melts into calm reflecting pools
but constant spring is not a blessing
to the pink skin underpainting
of the great white bear.
He is not in a gold rush,
or a hurry, but he cannot swim forever.
The rising tides will bring the whales
closer, and only leave oil
and Caribou behind.
What shoes should you wear
when the ice goes renegade
and leaves you all but stranded
on a liquid isle?
Polar bears do not dock their boats
in Bernard Harbor,
so check your snow shoes
at the door and be prepared
for pirates. For when deer
jump eight feet into
pools, predators
should still know how to hunt.
Put me on your boat Mr Pirate man
And sail me away to the edge.
And if we fall off at the sunset
I promise I won't be upset.
I'm sure we'd land in the stars
And cruise along molten black waves,
Under the light of our lady Moon
Each swell rolling us into our dreams.
Just be sure Mr Pirate man
That you've courage enough for adventure
And passion a'plenty for the timeless
The unknowns and my own zest for living.
Because I'm sorry Mr Pirate man
I cannot tolerate bland crusades
And frivolous words lost to the winds.
The fiery within needs no fear, only honesty.
For I am free to drift like the currents,
So don't hold onto me
Just sail with me to the beyond.
Peace of mind is what eye find when with you
Peace of mind
Is what find when alone at home
No voices
No noise
No children's screaming toys
Peace of mind so so kind when you find that quite place that equates to ya peace mind
KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
I know where womb
became breath of air
and I was born
in a hospital there,
place was north of flat,
with wind erosion,
Growing up was not easy I know
with glasses I was an
easy target, until I had single eye
surgery, muscle band
sutured, wore a patch for my pirate
eye, no sword in a hand,
I know what tetanus is and why I
had to get a shot,
Rusty nail through and through a
sneaker, hurt a lot,
I know first love and know too well
rejection, spread like
an infection through my life at that
time, unless I biked,
then the only ones faster than me were cars
and planes and trains
and birds, some dogs, other bigger kids
on bikes, this I know.
I know this is about to get repetitive.
I know how important a good goalie is in two sports.
I know what bullying was and bullying is,
I know that negative self talk is a disease, still looking for the cure.
I know I was once good, no GREAT at the Pursuit of Trivial things.
I know I have a short term photographic memory, what did I just say?
I know there is a difference between jokes and humour,
I know some-one who has cancer and tumours,
I know what it is to watch my child-ren be born, and
admit there is beauty in my part of creation.
I know
many things. I know what fitness is and what it isn't.I know friends who have had eating disorders, and how it becomes their personality.
I know what it is to be an adult child when parents divorce,
I know what alcoholics behave like to live to drink another day and another and...
I know I graduated high school,
I know how to drive different vehicles,
I know how to operate from a motorcycle to heavy machinery
I know Cadets and I know Canadian Reserves.
I know what it is like to receive a dear Darrell letter, when many miles
are between, and young love, ends.
I know safety rules with weapons, I know how to properly salute,
I know I once knew how to build bridges in the company of many
men, we will call them Field Engineers, UBIQUE, and a unique lot
they were, I knew I was a jack of all trades there and master of none,
save one, I was a soldier first and an engineer second, now are we
ready for the explosives...
I know how to coach volleyball
I know marriage, I know that relationships are really all us humans
have of value, of value, I know how to rant a poem, I know communication and the frustration of speaking in the wrong tone,
I know to look for awe, I know that my house is cluttered, I know my dog is old, and though she is not spent yet, that day will come sooner,
and tears, those fucking tears will flow, it is just a damn dog, don't you know?
I know love. I know respect is earned.
I know when a black cloud moves in and hangs around the head and heart of the one you love, it breaks the little bones in your ears, it pulls
hairs from your nose, it gives you aches and pains and drains the living
energy despite how much you pray it away or pray to be strong, or pray to accept it, or pray for her every waking hour, and too even if you just go along for the roller coaster ride of your lives.
I know Christ Jesus and Him Crucified,
not by anything I have done but by
the love of God for me.
Now you know what
I know and what I am
willing to share, there
is much more, for each of us, didn't you know?
Doctors say he had a black spot on his brain
Black hole?
pirate past?
DMT excess?
Acute exhaustion came calling
we only have one vessel
It shattered some time ago
I feel rapid fire rattle my skull space
The rusty executioner says well here we go again
Half naked in a puddle
giggle into a rain cloud
Collapse
roll with muddied grace
Scream for everyone and everything
Busy minded and disembodied
float the circle
Watch them live
lungs rise and collapse
Over and over
organic machinery
So simple and so necessary
Reflex for lightning
I've seen the aftermath
split limbs onto broken backs
I'm no super hero
lift until gravity obeys
East side complex
paint so new
it smells of progress
Slacks and ties waddle by
Eyes glazed by coffee ground and paid vacation
I mumble into their bubbles
"Who am I to judge another's happiness?"
"I suppose I have been too human in my observation"
"Leave now before it spills onto your nice paint"
I run away laughing
I love an inside joke
Beautiful brick and iron work
but the sign says no thank you
Squeals of joy from a bird cage
but a parrots neck stays broken
A sponge for the sinister
wipe away their foreboding
Cleanliness inside madness makes for a reasonable crutch
Do I make ground for nutrition or for construction?
The permit office succumbs to hysterics
So I lack a proper paper trail
But I have a bag of soul and a spade of soil
I have every intention of populating without the red tape
These mouths need nutrition
They burn wide from consumption
All I need is a root
All I need is sound
All I need is a little more time
Brian Patrick
Plodding, trudging, slogging through the reeds
Praying for death or at the very least  rescue
Sweat and muck mingle as one
Sliding down my face and pouring over my body
Why me? I have no repair
Looking behind; not a human in sight
The arrows fly by whizzing in the dark
Into the mud I go  fearful
The light in the distance beckons
My limbs giving way to the weight
The rope catches myneck and tightens
Into the Chart House dragged to no avail
My captors start the endless mindless dance
I am at the beginning of my long goodbye
Dare I give them the dark secret they desire
Never, never
the blood trickles down my dirty neck.
If I was a Princess,
Locked high in a tower, counting that stars in the sky,
Would you be my Brave Knight and rescue me?
If I was a Beautiful Mermaid
And I was captured by pirates, soon to be a prisoner to man forever,
Would you help me plan my escape?
If I was cursed
By the darkest of witches to be a hideous beast for my life,
Would you help me find my cure?
If I was lost and alone,
Surrounded by a shadowed forest and howling creatures,
Would you come and guide me to safety?
If I needed you, where would you be?
I live in Neverland
I'm not a boy who never
ages I'm not a boy who never
changes I'm not a pirate who runs
from a crocodile. I'm not a Fairy you
can fly with. I'm a shadow who is cast from
the bright and hides in the night i live below
the sunshine's and rainbows waiting for my chance
to be real so I can try and feel. I wait all day and night so I
might find away to go home where MY lovely Wendy roams.
In the morning
The enemy advanced and
our shields were down
for our strength was divided
As we sat down by the banks of the river, By Babylon, we drank mouth to the water diluted with the blood of our people
we cried;
[Oh you left us ugly, gallant men twiddling our thumps In outer space wriggling]
our song was gone
and the grief was bitter,
an excruciating pain we suffered,
we prayed for an intervention
for the journey we had to endure,
the humiliation wasnt diabolical;
the restrain on our psych was worst-
we were bulls that operates the plough the mole that pull the carts any resistances was rewarded;
deprived of food and water-
sleep deluded from our eyes
tears never came to their sockets-
day and night;
for the pleasure of our masterswelabored gruelingly through
the high mountains
down to the shallow valleys
the storms came and the rains fell,
the sun rose radiating our skin complicating our plight.
Hearts became stoned
for the hard times,
forceful than the logic of the mind,
for we wondered if we shall ever return.
home.
Our home is become Rome
and we playing by their rules
W/ no course to own
The muscle of our voice impaird
Our soul in perpetual despair Lashed with strikes of hardship
So we set the enterprise
Of digging holes in our hearts
An industry for pixie dust To ensure grandel dines w/ wine
As we labored to set
The wolfs off before dusk
Burning the candle of midnight
Until we sight the morning light
Hope; w/ e bird took flight to..
No where.
We were lost at sea ,
With wild whales with big bellies-
Petty are we finless fishes,y we wishutord;
Not that we couldnt
But the bankruptcy of the trust we accord, The trustees of our wealth; Misjudge our worth,
Sold our oil to the pirates of the west-The custodian of our essence
Mistake our silence for sin
To bargain an endless spin
Nonetheless our green field.
foreseen
(c) 2017-
Tj. Kwame Photo credit: LolitoCatahan@[pictify.saatchigallery.co
I did not go out to see it
the winds were too cruel
as Aprils cocky currents often are
though the sky was a clean black palette
on which it painted perfect its orange face
inside, in the incandescent haze
you were restless, reaching up from the bed
at ghosts I could not see
you were seven and eighty,
and there were many
who haunted your nights,
especially now, when the doctor had said
nothingwas left to be done,
but the watching and waiting
he had given you little
of Morpheus sweet sap, as per your request
and I left the light on, as you demanded
what about the dark did you not like
save what we all fear, as the end grows near?
for whom were you grasping?
I suspect I knew, from the old days,
when I would sit on your knee,
the other big people there with you
swapping stories in the gray Lucky Strike air
you thought I was too young to understand
(and I probably was)
you thought my mystic memories
of that slur of beer buzzed words
would trail into the city night,
like your smoke
(but they did not)
sooner or later, mostly later,
you and your buddies
would get around to the ships
I would see sails and pirates
but your tongues would paint thunder and steel
(which I somehow could taste)
Eddie the mick and David the Jew,
those were the two, the ones
you let slip through your hands
the ones the salted sea took too soon
your eyes were not bleary
when you told the tale,
every sentence punctuated
by a swig of Schlitz, a drag off a fag
your buddies told their own stories
of those who slipped through their paws
or were blown all to hell and back
or drowned, without a simple sound
those were the spirits
for whom you reached,
anemic apoplectic apparitions
in the indifferentair, but still there
for only you to see, waiting for you
while I wondered when you would join them
and if I would yet brave the wailing wind
under the blood moon
i
finely found the courtesy
to
read a word of Poetry;
even though it only left me
questioning the Meaning
of the
feeling that it Founded,
endowingly inClining me
to
climb the highest Mountain:
loudly it inSpired me.
writing is my Dowry,
reading is the Marriage
that i
cherish at the merit of
disparaging Diaries.
"i am just a Parrot;
a
parently we share the very
arrogance n carelessness
of
barreling Pirates."
i am just a Sparrow;
rowing over galleries
of
shallow hailing Peril..
..Paralyzed.
"i am just a Shadowing,
Shattering glass."
gallantly we Gather;
"glaringly Gradual."
happily we Harrow.
"inherently Hollow."
powers of eXistence:
symbolisms Tower over
flowers of Ivory.
"i am a Shower".
hours of Shadow;
over-cast horizons
like the
rising of Talos.
"Talos was a GIANT."
i am a just a Cane;
able to be Slain;
david and goLiath.
"i am le<em>Viathan</em>."
i am just an Angel.
"April"......May.
Copyright Jesse James Adams
Little girl wanders through the woods -
lost, shrunken, and barefoot
She leaves small holesin her wake,
Hansel and Gretel-ing apath of lostand unfound
Little girl is searching for something
she buried and abandoned long ago
A pirate searching for hidden treasure
with no map and waning hope
Her heart
She knows it must be here
The one in her chest is wrong
It's too cold
and beats to a tune she's never heard
It reminds her of ravens
and their slow, melancholy flight
Far too unlike the sparrow's flutter
she was once so familiar with
Little girl has become frightened;
convinced this new heart will kill her
The honey in her veins has been replaced
with arsenic and vinegar and spite
Little girl needs her sparrow heart back,
feeling like a different person without it
She has no love or passion now
and mistrusts any kindness in others
Like an abused dog
The helping hand that cares
is a curled fist waiting to happen
and though she knows the saying,
she cannot help but to bite
Anyone who comes too close says,
"She's a good girl, but be careful
That one comes with a sharp wit
and a sharper bite"
Little girl grows more tired every day
She can't take much more of this;
of the endless search for something
that's too far gone to return
Little girl stands at the edge of the woods,
having admitted to herself a hard truth
She'll never get her old heart back,
but thisnew one has potential if she let's it grow
On the edge,
with darkness behind and light ahead,
she's split on what to do
She looks ahead and knows
all she needs is water and sunlight
to help thisnew self bloom
She looks behind and knows
all she wantsis a little more time
to rememberwho she was before
Moving forward is painful, but right
Going back is useless, but safe
Old heart or new?
All she needs to do is choose
There is no CCTV
On the open sea,
Just you and me
Like roving pirates
Risking our lives
To ruin other people.
I always liked the back door best. Everything outside the front door was beautiful; a forty-foot tall tree I couldnt identify choked by a vine that bloomed with purple flowers in the spring that reminded me of moms perfume and tiny little pokey things that would stick to your clothes in the fall and the cul-de-sac with an island in the middle that was perfect for 5am-stargazing. But there was also a paved road, a satellite television dish, a blue car parked out front. But walking out the back door was walking into a different world. You were almost immediately met with a barrier of trees which seemed to only allow entry to me and my little sister. We thrived in our world of pretense, sometimes for a precious moment forgetting the hell between our front door and our back door. In those hours we were princesses, pirates, adventurers, and we were free.
it has been a long while since i felt comfort in this place.
for a short while there was only resentment and fear.
differing fingers, gently laced with clasped palms, say <em>i missed you</em>,
even if our whispered voices don't.
the sun rises with my chest at every inhalation.
your room is glowing with an aura, yellow-white and pure.
insomnia releases its hold on us.
there are no dreams here that can be described in words.
and as i drift on a lingering stream of consciousness,
i hum softly through my barely-smiling lips.
i could never think of myself as heartless as a siren
my voice alone is not enough to sink a vessel
and somehow you're simply too handsome to shipwreck.
Pens get lost like frost in Boston, if buildings collapsed
I'd rebuild the past to trillions of ticks of the clock ago
before this part of the world became recognized and known,
before any stitched on the American flag were sewn
When the soilage looked like foliage until days passed by and by again
Through April showers which brought May flowers birthing the earth with succulent screenplays of baby's breath, crocuses- a pollen infused haze
turns rays of sunshine up in farenheight
I learned to pull tight on two bunny eared shoelaces and saw faces and faces and went places and places watching the trees beg their mother to leave traces, some green- no orange!- no red,- please!
But you're beautiful my darling, crooned mother
you're not like any other, you're original.A vision-
an extension of me, and you will die
you will die
and when you die as you are now your limbs
will forever be used as adjectives for poetry, stories, emotions
you will die and your spirit will rev up it's engine for another lifetime of a ride
Do not dwell upon regrets you wish to sell or branches and leaves that have long ago fell, or things in this life that did not go so well- like wanting a mac but owning a dell
or dreams moaning groans from the gates of hell
waiting for you to turn off the lights
It fights you doesn't it?
Every something and every nothing
it fights your lungs, begging, tossing
A squirming urge, this need, an insatiable hunt, a crave you can't feed
Leads your fingers to the notebook
filled with castles, legalized marijuana, maybe pirates with hooks- Anything in those pages
I want those pages
I need those pages
I have to fill those pages with this mess of a dress
I hastily waste my precious time with everyday
so I can cover up the dog puke stained
Ludacris way
I <strong>feel</strong> <em>all</em> the time
Gotta find a pen
Meet me down by the old creek bed
The scary rotting ligneous bridge
Rusted metal and wood warping
Dropping a man into the muddy bottom
A clothespin and a playing card
A cereal box robot reflector
Dusty road thats gravel sharp
Bled my knees and bent my bicycle wheel
I swung on the old vine tree
Playing out my Neverland fantasies
One lost boy no fairies in sight
No mermaid kisses or decent Pirate fights
White wooden saw horse
Played Battlecat to my He-man
A cracked wooden board on
A frayed twisting rope
Peppered grey house with old trimming
This is where I found my beginnings
Old man dead now the womans gone to
Pretty soon Ill forget all I knew
Two miles down theres a dead mans farm
Row after row of white tombstone
Faded glittering grey monuments
That is where I will meet my end
Tell me a story,
tale me a tale,
about girls in big dresses,
or a big, killer whale.
Make it a mystery,
make it a romance,
make it anything at all
just give it a chance.
Tell me about pirate,
sailing the sea.
Tell me about wizards,
fill me with glee.
Tell me about anything.
Tell me about you.
Tell me about the things,
you want to come true.
Just speak udder nonsense
If you've no other choice.
I just want to hear you,
and your beautiful voice
If I am Pirate you're Treasure.
I swear to search world in all condition of the weather.
What a torment! Cursed, genetically
Inclined, a loyal slave to her majesty,
A fat striped bottom and little stink for life,
Sent out to push natures browned iron wheel,
A pirate looking for the blinding hue,
An endless hunt for that yellow jewel,
I dare you to come back empty handed.
Have you ever heard an infants high cry?
Is it hungry for love, is it...is it in pain,
Or is it just an intricate mind-game?
Like a sponge it sucks everything in, but
its a sponge, one squeeze is enough, and alls
poured out, the love, the milk, and the relief,
And the cry is even louder this time
When will the cycle end...only god knows when?
All for the good of the queen, the hive a
Maelstrom of golden words a buzzing non-
sense, I want to be a moth like Crane was,
magnetized by the light of the flame, vice
Versa, either way a courtship divine.
One of these hunts!, I tell you, These damn hunts!
Like a bombed plane whirling around without
a tail. A pirate spat out by the sea,
dazed and glazed, naked and tangled in sea weeds
Bootless, and his crippled toes chewed off by crabs
Plummeting! What a relief! The last buzz!
Let gravity do what it does best, and
crash the brown little treeless leaf on the grass.
.
Though I splish
Though I splash
Rum I drink so fear my wrath
Behold my mate
Behold my captain
Cutlasses ring and we are laughing
Pity me not
Pity the foe
Sink him to the godless unknown
Plunder the hold
Plunder her chest
Strife we be so do not rest
Sink the English
Sink the Spanish
We rule here so we damn them
Free we are
Free we be
A lavish life is the one for me
If I am hanged
If I am dead
Fear not mate I swam to land
Cut your foes
Cut their friends
We rule this kingdom
In the Queen Anne's Revenge!
The valley is flooded and the filth laid bare
Crawl out from the shipwreck of your distorted ideology
And submit yourself to the judgement of the crown
With black x's etched deep in your skin
And knuckles bloody from self righteous vindication
March on to sew senseless violence
Goose stepping in time to drums of war
Played by misinterpreted ghosts of revolutions laid to rest
My boy, you wear the swastika!
A threat too minor to register, pounding your chest and crying wolf to disinterested sheep
Reading the bible from outside the church through cracks in the stained glass
And you remembered half the Commandments, that should save you from Hell right?
Son of the North, America holds no refuge for your weary soul
Drop your bombs, wage your wars
Chemicals will flow on endlessly after your blood has stopped
And your ignorance will leave your grave unmarked
Kirui Frank junior is thankful to Eliot,
The founder of this vast site
The pioneer of hellopoetry
The mentor and mother of both young and old
Gents and ladies who know little
About the vast field of poetry
I'm specifically thankful
For in this site,
I met a mother....a lecturer who cares
She corrects me and advice me
She whips me when I mess repetitively
Name withheld for good reason
Here I met old friends who proved real
I thank you
Rao
Quinfinn
Pradip.
Amongst many
I met agemates who proved real
I love you
You are many
I can't mention all of you
I met young people who proved good writers
I am happy for all of you.
Save for two pirates
Who betrayed themselves by sending mails
To dupe us
I am also happy for them,
For we get to learn from you...
In all of the mentioned
I love to share to the world
The feelings of my happiness
In the poems you post
From love
To hate
To days journals
To short orature
To songs
To puns
To short composition
To historic poems
And others
I learn from every piece
I like every piece
In all I see the beginner,the pioneer,the one and only Eliot.
And this honest thankful note be granted
Someday I will donate something better
To show my concern and heartfelt love.
Thank you again.
Always dreaming
Yet never sleeping
She was caught up in a fantasy
She created in her head
Growing older
Yet never growing up
He was always playing
The games where he always wins
She got lost
Wandering in the enchanted forest
And found him
She instantly fell in love
Even when he didnt offer his heart
And only promised
That hell teach her to fly
But she was just a player a pawn
Caught up in his little game
Just like an innocent fly
Trapped in a spider web of lies
In her pretty little head
She can win the battle for his heart
Cause in a world of talking rabbits and caterpillars
She was the fierce warrior who defeated the Jabberwocky
But as he pulled her out of Wonderland
And brought her to Neverland
He let the pirates with hooks on their hands
Rip the heart off her chest
And served it on a silver platter to the crocodiles
She dragged herself back to Wonderland
Leaving a trail of her own blood
Still believing
Still hoping
That hell come after her
But he never did
Truth is just as they say;
Love is a lot like a shipwreck
Or folding origami paper.
Trying to find the perfect fit as the corners start to shrink and fold in.
He had the perfect wife
but the perfect wife found the perfect fault in their chronological love.
She grit her teeth and didn't look back
I guess that's why it's called cheating.
I'm astonished with overwhelming sadness.
As the only thing that still holds the broken sails together is the son they've spawned.
In the belly of a dangerous sea.
I want to find
pure happiness
on the mariana's trench
deep with all of the other
shipwrecks like myself
The ones who couldn't hold
it together even when the water
was calm
I want to find serenity
between the tetonic plates
where the two continents
were separated
like two souls on a
bone chilling winter night
like you and I were
when I saw the glimmer in
your eye fade away
a star died that day,
did you know?
I named all the prettiest
ones after you
3,888 stars
one dying every
day
You're never really
told about how to deal
with loss.
"You'll be okay."
what is okay?
I never really learned
what "okay" was. The
first time I heard okay escape from
someone's lips was when my mom
began accepting her failing marriage
and asked how she felt.
"Okay".
fuck that word to hell.
I walked down the drive
from the abbey
to stand near the road
and listened to the traffic
pass by before the office
of Compline began,
obcidi,
moonlight in the dark sky
and stars sprinkled like sugar,
smell of incense
in the church
after Mass overwhelming,
a monk with a black patch
over one eye like a pirate
stood facing me in the choir
book in hand
head lowered,
begin doing
what is necessary
then what is possible
and suddenly
you are doing
the impossible
Francis said,
Dieu est ici
the French monk said
pointing a bony finger
towards his chest
as we trod up the drive
from our weekly walk,
Gott ist berall
an Austrain monk said
not just in the heart and soul,
George hoed the abbey gardens
and said the sun is so hot
it's like a desert out here
and it was
and we were thirsty,
Hugh thin and gaunt said
to be a saint one must do
the ordinary extraordinary well
which he never did
or so seemed,
give the apples a twist
so the monk said
do not pull them off
and I watched his fingers
touch and twist,
and she lay there naked
as the day she was born
and asked me
to shaft her
so I did
and her husband
was driving on a long haul,
wise men talk
because they have
something to say
fools because
they have to
say something
Gareth said quoting Plato,
the abbot tapped
his small hammer
on his bench
and the meal was over
and the reader stopped
mid sentence
reading from the book
and the refectory
was in silence
before prayers were said,
I lay with her
and she mouthed me whole,
cercare di essere salvati
the Italian monk said
to me as I weeded
the flowerbeds
in the cloister garth,
try and be saved
listen to the word,
some days I wished
to take flight and begone
like some wild
flapping wings bird.
Pirate maps might bear this caution;
"Here be Monsters" on an ocean.
Here I scribe an admonition
to persons sailing poetry:
"Here be sunken thoughts and feelings,
broken hearts with razor edges.
Here be aching naked lovers'
lives exposed for all to see.
Here be doldrums.Here be tempests.
Here be shattered dreamers' metrics.
Here be shoals of hidden sorrows.
Here be Sirens crying, "Help me!"
Here be tidal waves of sadness.
Here be rotting shipwrecked hope.
Sail these pages at thy peril.
Steer towards creativity.
There once was a little frog who desperately wanted to be something more. He would sit on his lily pad all day and would imagine himself a fierce pirate that pillaged and plundered across the seven seas. He fancied himself a warrior who saved the world on a daily occurrence and always got the girl. However, every time the fantasy would end he would look down into the water and be reminded that he wasn't any of those amazing things. He was just an ordinary frog. No different from the other frogs int he little pond. But, oh how he wished to be extraordinary.
One day, the little frog was in the midst of an epic space adventure when a loud noise brought him crashing back into reality. He looked around but saw nothing wrong. Just then a loud scream pierced the air. Being quite startled and a little scared he jumped into the water. He peeped under his lily pad to see where the awful noise had come from. In the distance he saw a flurry of movement. Both terrified and curious he slowly swam towards the chaos. Making sure to stay well hidden under the lily pads of course.
As he got closer he was better able to make out what exactly was unfolding, much to his horror. In front of him law a horrible scene that even his own imagination couldn't have prepared him for. It was a blood bath with frog guts and frog limbs strewn all about.The terrible noise he had heard was his fellow frogs screaming out as a crane of significant size was devouring them in a most savage manner. The poor little frog was at a loss on what he should do. Petrified, he floated there under the lily pad unable to do anything but watch his frog friends being massacred.
That was at least the case until a particular scream made his muscles twitch to life. It came from the pretty frog that he had often imagined winning the affection of through noble deeds. Of course, he had never quite imagined this scenario out; but, it followed the same basic concept of his other fantasies. He had to be daring and rescue the damsel from her untimely demise. With courage he did not know he possessed he leaped out of the water and dashed over the lily pads to save his fair lady. He didn't even stop to think about what he was doing or consider a plan of attack. All he could think was impressing her and finally being extraordinary.
Unfortunately, as you might have guessed, a little frog does not stand a chance against such a formidable foe. The crane saw the mad little frog hopping towards him and thought to himself 'oh my, he looks quite delicious!' Within barely a moments time the crane had swooped over to meet the approaching frog and simply opened his beak wide. The little frog blindly leaped right into the gaping mouth and down the throat. The poor little frog's last thoughts were that of his image looking down into the water from his lily pad.
Let me tell you about Puerto Vallarta.
How cool air comes in over the ocean,
and how even in the rain the boardwalk
is beautiful and serene.
Let me tell you about sipping a sangria
in old town and the bouncing bridge
and the old fountain in the square.
Let me tell you about the new club
they opened in the basement across the street
and the top floor suite where I lay
with a man for the first time.
Let me tell you about Mexico.
The way the poolside music wakes me at 11
Let me tell you about El Panorama,
watching fireworks from the pirate ship below
Lighting up the bay as I dig into the
best steak, best views, best service
Let me tell you about Quimixto, Las Caletas
Days spent dancing on boats, and scuba diving
The same waters we fish and surf on
One with nature and the city
Man, I miss this and Gerry,
Four years to the day we met I'll be there
Telling the ocean about you, just for one day.
But you may never see these things you missed,
Your bare feet are no longer welcome upon the sand
Let me tell you....
*Let me tell you of
Taking my two best girlfriends there,
From the market to the marina,
And the flowers the men would give us-
And in another week that'll be me again,
Older but still free, soaking up the sun,
Flirting and dancing and swimming
Just my 23rd year down in PV,
And my story goes on
I watch my father tear my swing set down,
Standing on a chair to see out the window,
From my upstairs room.
in the effort of pulling up the polls,
The one remaining swing swung.
Though years had passed since I had loved it,
A part of me felt the loss.
The flecks of paint from where a childish hand had outlined my name,
And the squeaking sound from where the lose boards rubbed.
As I saw it in pieces,
I realized that it was never just a swing set,
It was a pirate ship,
A time machine,
A princesss tower,
A home for the odd assortment of toys,
And memories.
Each board use to hide the rigging of ships,
Or buttons that when pushed could send one to the moon.
The swings where vines in a jungle,
They where airplanes,
Or life boats lost at sea.
I watched my father hoist up the last remaining beams,
And load them into his truck,
How could that car every move under all the weight?
we know how those doctors about to retire type:
index punch, index punch, left hook index tap,
brawler's right kiss index tap -
thumbs are for the spacebar!
but this little oddity got me thinking: i can tell
you that my grandfather had beautiful handwriting,
and a massive library, and all of this... under
a communist regime... more books than
the modern capitalist household, let me tell you -
oddly enough i followed suit, never truly recognised
my father aged eight at victoria coach station -
4 - 8 under my grandfather's construct -
6 - 8 psyche of a child given a doberman by
his mother and left, upon return asking
for a devil's mask in warsaw, the same devil
mask a furore at a fancy dress party in school
ripped by friends all wanting the share of
suffocating under plastic.
but this got me thinking, i never had the
proper handwriting fluidity for an A grade in
english during examination, that's always a grade
more than anything you put your mind to
in terms of content. so... on handwriting fluidity:
omega alpha beta flows nice, because the greeks
managed to convene that letters had to
have names, no wonder the export of greek lettering
into mathematics and science...
imagine if it was the romanic letters:
that's pee arr squared: peeing on the arc of triumph
seeing sqaures?! bonaparte with a bunch of pirates?!
no! r2, the area of the bloody circle!
never mind that, that's just me overstepping
the giggles, but i think because of the non-complex
denotation of the romanic letters we have terrible
handwriting, just like it sounds, punched in by dyslexic
judy separately: look - a'b'ec'e d'ee'z'ed.
no wonder the alphabet turned to programming
and cyborg fancies - plus it's no fun trying to remember
alpha bravo charlie... i mean, it's a bit shit, that nato
phonetic bollocks over the phone: oscar v. ?
! romeo v. ? ! sierra v. ? ! let's face it, greek
too ancient and romanic trying to speed up... no wonder
there's a bit of charlie and the x-ray;
or maybe this whole phoneticism is a way to say -
keep that ugly so we can lego it into beautiful stances
of the fencing tongue.
Storms rage across the waters of our lives,
Drowning ourselves in all that goes on.
You have shipwrecks in your mind you have never shown.
Never saying what you really feel, but I know what's real.
I know it feels like an anchor is pulling you to the bottom of the sea,
But I hope you can find peace with me.
Because although I have shipwrecks of my own,
I'm not afraid anymore,
And I'm tired of treading water,
So dive in with me,
Let's catch a new wave.
your favorite color is not blue you lied to me, it is instead
a deep shade of grey so dark it is almost black and your middle
name is not poetry it is dececption it is let's take a break it is
not honesty instead it is cheating it turning the tables so that i think
i'm wrong when i'm not and you cannot just apologize with
the same sad smirk that you always have and think it is okay,
you cannot just turn your pain into poetry and think it's
okay because it isn't; it's not right to fake the color of roses on
your skin and then call me at midnight and talk to me as if you
were dying when you're not and you told me your star sign
was cancer but guess what you lied about that too because you
do not have a star sign you cannot be predicted by other
people who think they know how to read the signs of space because
you are an asteroid and i mean that with every sense of the
word and i do not want to be tied down by you because even
if i am a shipwreck that does not mean i need your anchor
because i don't i don't i don't so you can take your misery
and your sorry excuse for love and give it some other girl who
doesn't know any better
(h.l.)
I'm officially a pirate,
drunk of love
Out of lust
I swim the ocean with thoughts
Which are full of desires.
Those drive me into a drunk state,
of Lust.
They'll tell you that the
sun never rises on the
West side of a tree,
but me,
I wait each day to see
if that is true.
There is nothing to remind me
of lined faces or of poverty
when I bask in my own glory
and I do that very well.
If I see rainbows
it's because
the one who knows me
knows I need to.
Within this cosmic consciousness
I am buta tiny part,
one of many hearts that beat
in time
and a part of every heart.
We were two little children
with the sun on our skin,
playing naked in the water,
innocent of sin.
Acting out our stories,
our games were all in fun,
playing naked in the water
by the beach in the sun.
We played at being heroes,
villains, crooks and thieves,
Peter Pan and Tinkerbell,
pirates on the seas!
Suddenly I'm longing
to find you once again,
to see if you remember.
Do you remember when?
Our eyes danced together,
how imaginations flew!
I've never been so happy
as when I played with you.
We were two little children
with the sun on our skin,
playing naked in the water,
innocent of sin.
LIKE A HURRICANE
THAT LEAVES STAINS
OF DESTRUCTION
YET LIKE A CATERPILLARTHAT PAINFULLY TRANSFORMS FROM
ITSHIDDEN CACOON
ONLY TO EMERGE TO B EATING AS
PREY FOR THE NEXT SPECIES
A BEAUTIFUL DISASTER OF
THE CIRCLEOF LIFE
KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
Pastry land
Is so grand
But do beware
Of this world so fair
Its fe illusion
That spins delusion
We pirate cats
Wear jester hats
As we twirl and dance
Our kitchen prance
Throw a soul onto the pyre
Watch the heat make bread rise higher
Hopes and dreams
Whisked with smothered screams
Baked hot and through
In the shell of you
Hide behind full cases
In cute little places
All cookies and cake
And the smiles we fake.
It's coming it's returning
The empty feeling that I get
I'm tossing and I'm turning
I'm feeling like a shipwreck
Empty and abandoned
An empty hollow shell of want
I've crash landed
A shell of what I was once
Please give me my pain
I need the truest agony
Just don't let it wash in rain
To let my own emotions flee
Dully I watch
As I go by many places
My emotions stop
In an empty sea of faces
Tell me how
How to feel empty
Tell me now
How do I again see
Everything's so empty and pointless
Life doesn't even seem worth it
she had a telescope in her pocket.
one of those cool tiny ones, like a pirate might have
if he were searching for buried treasure.
she told me it was magic, let her see
enchanted things
like fairies and mermaids
and little trolls with fuzzy hair.
they were scared of normal people.
they were really shy, she said
but they were real and alive,
breathing air and eating brunch
and taking baths
like us.
shed look through her telescope when we walked to school
or through the park
lost in it, like she wasn't even there next to me
but somewhere else, on an island
that no one had a map of.
sometimes shed point, say
look! in that tree, right there!
so Id squint and try to see
what only she could see
but all Id see was some leaves
or a nest
or nothing at all.
sometimes Id lie next to her on the lawn
and close my eyes.
and she could breathe an image behind my closed eyelids
and I could feel the breeze as fairies flew by,
and hear the mermaids tails sweeping against toasted rocks
and it was like Id rowed a ship
across that ocean to her island
Id found the map, I was next to her,
and the world was just as she said it was--
magical.
but the difference between me and her was
she could open her eyes, and still see it all.
but Id open my eyes, and all Id see
was some leaves
or a nest
or nothing at all.
I been writing like a mad man and had my works passport get stamped in multiple countries .
Australia,Italy , Germany , England, Indiana .
Okay Indiana was more a state run mental institution but I was published there none the less and I liked finger painting graham crackers and crazy women so probs to them.
I mean I didn't want to visit there or anything no offense but im not a big fan off fields and chainsaw art .
I stayed busy flask in pocket and my mind constantly towards the page .
I had gained respect but still I always found my way home .
For better or worse Hello has been the house that me and few other writers built I was here from day one i'm the flaw you just can't hide .
Everyone's favorite black sheep and all around lovable train wreck.
My place was permanent .
Like me or hate me you couldn't ignore me .
Well you could try but I usually won people over or annoyed them to the point of blocking me and joining the witness relocation program but enough about my past relationships .
I was taking some time off from three months straight of chasing publication.
I posted a write at this place I called home for so many years .
It was solid as a brick shit house .
Then some kid posted a write that was total shit but had a pic of her cleavage in the restroom mirror .
It trended in two seconds had a bunch of horny bastards telling lies in vague hopes to see more .
I knew the ship wasn't sinking it long since met its demise on the icy dark oceans floor .
You just can't compete with boobies.
I set my sails to the closest port .
I would share some drinks and maybe see some familiar faces .
I believe a pirate is better suited to roam than be food for the crabs .
My future is in the wind not lost within the depths .
Stay crazy hope are ships pass in the night .
And if ever we find ourselves in the same port .
First rounds on you .
Never sit and wait for decay on any level will consume you .
Stay crazy
Gonz
we came face to face
and now these stains can never be erased
our flavor remains
throughout the day
you taste
my essence
its present in your mind
it survives the decline
of dopamine
as the day unwinds you are surprised
to find my soul
completely whole
and intact
there is nothing that we lack
all bliss
exists within this kiss
of divine fever
i secretly weave laughter into your destiny
like serpents intertwined
the existence of body and mind
are inseparable
psyche and eros
villains and heroes
persist to confuse our sight
yet we are not frightened by their delight
in perpetrating crimes
our time is short
so long
ill see you in the dawn
the storm comes
and forms clouds in our souls
darkness demands a kiss
before the first light
i am my own undoing
pursuing compassion
leaves you confused
and used by your beatitudes
i am perfumed in the dawns fragrance
its emancipation
happiness and love
home is happiness
embodied
sweet leaves
of music and fruits
grew for our ancestors
upon the ground of civilization's first steps
we digressed
and lost our way among the trees
and became threes and fours
yet the hours got longer and our souls got shorter
now we must work and sweat
and bend from the hip
as our lips no longer meet when we greet each other
i feel complete
seeking nothing
i am simple as the wheat
you grew upon my heart
a broken covenant
Saturday's paper cannot cover our shadows
so we wait for Sunday
to outsmart the arguments we neglect
i suspect you are the better person
in fact i am certain of this
i would even bet that you could withstand
the hand youve been dealt for eternity
with certainty i expect nothing
and hesitate towards becoming my own enemy
friends and family support our egos stance
keep us locked in our dance
i am moving beyond targets
like flowers i cannot be captured
this uncertainty is wild like the grasses
outside of mind
and space is freedom
unlimited weaving seething
looms of gold and silver
commonly forgotten by the merchants
who can never dance
i will not settle down
or let myself be captured
and shattered by the hands of violent ambassadors
who left the peace corps to join the wolves
packs of pirates roam the oceans
with unchecked violence
they plunder their own fathers
sisters, brothers
daughters, orphans
more often than not
Will we meet upon the green grass hill
Will you come and sit with me still
Underneath the old oak tree
We can sit and gaze at the sea
We can watch the white top waves
As it beats toward the caves
The sea foams frothy white at the wide open mouth
And when the wind blows from the south
You can almost hear the pirates song
When they use to visit the cave, but those years are long gone
That's where they use to hide their treasures
But now only the waves laps in at it's leisure
You once asked me,"why don't you explore the cave by the sea"
"To find diamonds and the gold that there might be"
I only shot you a smile
Because I knew all the while
I had all ready found my diamond
And around you my arms I tightened
But that was many years ago
And the winds of time did blow
It aged our bodies, and took you away
So I made that climb up hill today
To sit up under that old oak tree
To reminisce of what use to be
To hold tight the ghost of your memory
For that's one thing time can't take from me
Close your eye; Dissolve into the uncertainty of the dawn. It's coming regardless of how prepared or at peace you are with it. It is coming for you; It is coming for me. It is coming with bloodied fingers and cruel words. As the light blinds us; Dawns bright light. So cold; so cruel. Let it wash you into the sea with impure intentions. Let it's fingers wrap around your neck like a lover. Scream; Yell; Shout. Nothing is nothing; And we are all small nothings in the sea. Swept away with all the shipwrecks and whale bones. Decay is all we are; Big bags of decay. We waste and we squander all of our being. As non-existent time ticks on; So does our dying bones to the dawn. Let us close around our deep bruises and bleed our black sour blood to the wind. For if we don't live, what are we left to do but decompose into ash and waste away to the earth. It is an unsightly faith for which only we with our "superiority" hold dear. As we count and die by the dozens. Like flies; We fall off the cliff face like lemmings. One after another; Mother after brother. Down they fall. So they perish. Or so they fly; Fall; Die; Live. But the truth of it is inevitable; We are all dying in our skin.
Meet me, once again, at the breakwall
where we will spend time sitting
reminiscing about times we spent wishing
on a sinking star for more time to spend.
Lets go fishing for our selves
in snapshots of past lives
and see if we can find,
in this murky water of nostalgia,
some kind of definition.
We will quest forth, finding more questions
than answers, and accepting them
with a peaceful resignation
we could never have in our raging youth.
Id talk about how
we used to debate
with our words
carved into primitive weapons
for savage discussion -
To win arguments with each other
doing battle for days
not realizing that language
was not evolved for the purpose of combat
but rather, the opposite.
Wed watch the waves wash ashore
all the places and people wed been
all the bits and pieces of past tragedies
will lay before us
like a thousand-year-old shipwreck.
We will laugh together
the way you do,
when you see the heavy black clouds
storming off toward a distant somewhere
and they seem smaller somehow
less frightening.
Youd say something about how
we were the most obsessed with our mortality
when we were furthest from ever facing it.
And well sit there for a while
just thinking about that.
I was part of the crew of a Sloop-of-War
That had sailed in the Caribbean,
We were caught asleep in the port one night
By the crew of a Brigantine.
They loosed a broadside, seven guns
As the Skull and the Bones flew high,
And I was dragged to the pirate ship
Where they said, Youll serve, or die!
There wasnt a choice to be had back then,
So I climbed aloft on the mast,
Setting the rig of the fore topsail
And making the halyards fast,
They made me stay in the Crows Nest then
To be swept by the wind and rain,
With only a couple of tots of rum
To deal with my aches, and pain.
I kept lookout on the pirate brig
For His Majestys ships, and land,
They knew we wouldnt stand much of a chance
As a Privateer Brigand,
We sought to shelter within a cove
In an island, not on a chart,
And rowed ashore in a longboat there
With the bosun, Jacob Harte.
Captain Keague had stayed on the ship
With the bloodiest of his crew,
The rest of us had been pressed to sea
To do what we had to do.
We filled our barrels with water from
A rill that flowed from the hill,
And gathered fruit that wed never seen
From trees with an earthy feel.
The trees had tendrils that waved about,
And trunks that were black and charred,
Just like a fire had raged there once
And left them, battle-scarred.
A voice rang out in a clearing there,
Hey mates, head back to the sea,
Dont let the tendrils fasten on you
Or youll all end up like me.
And deep in the trunk was a human face
With its skin all burnt and black,
The pain was etched on his weathered skin,
Look out, these trees attack!
We tried to burn them away, but they
Caught every one of the crew,
That fruit you carry is poison, mates,
Theyll be the end of you!
The tendrils whipped and the tendrils slashed
And they wrapped round Jacob Harte,
He hadnt much time to scream before
They seemed to tear him apart,
And each of the crew was tangled there,
Was absorbed into a tree,
I made it back to the beach that day
Though Im anything but free.
The roots of the trees had reached on out
To the Brigantine in the bay,
Curled like manacles round its decks
And torn its masts away,
They dragged it up on the sandy beach
And they crushed it to a shell,
Caught the crew in their tendrils too
And Captain Keague as well.
Ill put this note in a bottle, send it
Floating off in the sea,
Hoping that someone picks it up,
Its the last youll hear from me.
Dont let them seed in the world out there
These tendril trees are cursed,
And keep this Island from off the map,
If not, I fear the worst!
David Lewis Paget
Roger was a jolly man
But he stole my heart from me
I never could abide a thief
Now cross and bones hell be.
This is not a hopeful poem.
This is hardly a poem at all.
This is based on true events.
I can taste you in my mind. Even in memory you're sweeter than anything I could have presently.
andI will followyou to the brink
My New Year's resolution is to finally talk to my dad! I've never gotten to know him but I swear I'm gonna get him to open up to me! I know things must have been awful for him ever since his daughter died. Parents shouldn't have to watch their children pass away. But I'm going to talk to him about it when I come home for the summer!
Hey, how are you?
Doin' good, stressed from school =/ but good
It's just a lot of work and I get homesick sometimes.
I would visit more but gas is really expensive, I'm gonna try to get a job soon.
Yeah, they're raising tuition soon too, but I know I gotta do this for my future.
We should hang out this weekend when I come home.
I understand, you're busy with work and school and stuff.
Well let me know if you're gonna be free. I won't have much to do.
the best friends are the ones you can talk to about the most random shit, and the most serious shit. Like you know you've got something real when you guys stay up all night and can't sleep, and he can't sleep because he's thinking about giant bumblebees and Halloween costumes, and you can't sleep because you're thinking about a girl you love but are distraught over, and you can just go off on either of your thoughts at random and be completely comfortable. I'm so glad I know....
I have been hanging out with the most amazing girl. She plays guitar and she sings and she's so good, and she's beautiful, and she paints these awesome Indian looking paintings, and she just makes me feel so happy every time I'm with her. She's really sad a lot of the time though, and she's really shy about talking about stuff that makes her sad, but I'm gonna work on it, and hopefully she'll tell me about her life. The best thing about her...is the things she does tell me, it's all the truth. It's the most truthful talk I've ever heard out of anyone. I think I'm starting to fall for this girl, she's truly really realistically literally amazingly beautiful.
They had separated five years ago. He really did follow her to the brink. And well beyond. And she loved him the whole time. But she never went back to him, she was too scared of the brink that she couldn't let herself follow.
He watched his daughter take her last breath. And he was silent. He drove home. In silence. He took a beer from the fridge and swallowed it in silence. and another. and another. and a shot of fernet. and another shot. and a piece of bread. and another shot. then the bottle. every shot he finished and hurled against the wall. unfeeling. until there was nothing left but a sea of broken glass and a pale face. He had more children. he forgot how many maybe to make up for the empty spot where she had been. maybe because he didn't want to wear a condom. more wives. he forgot how many. he forgot what countries they lived in and how many he had. He almost forgot he ever had three daughters. Then someone asked him one day...it was a boy...blonde, blue eyed, pale...like she used to be. The boy asked him what he felt. He couldn't answer.
The last thing he remembered feeling was the coldness of glass on his lips, and the fire in his throat. that night he tried to feel it again. only this time it wasn't glass on his lips. It was metal. He tipped it up to the back of his throat. And took the shot.
One time I went to college
To get a cool degree
And get a sweet-ass job
And make my parents happy
But then I realized
I missed my life back home
I missed some girl I loved
And here I felt alone
I figured I'd go back
And try to work each day
And that's when I found out
I'd have no place to stay
To my parents I was just another source of cash
That would keep them comfortable in their old age
And if I wanted to follow my dreams and my heart
I'd be stuck on my own without home or wage
So then on my spring break
I found out something sad
The people that I missed
They didn't want me back New Story!
We spent an entire summer together. The moment after I first said I love you I promised that I'd spend every waking hour that I could before I moved away with you. You were sad and happy at the same time. And we partied every night like it was our last night, destroying bottles of rum like we were fuckin' pirates. Blasting our music and singing like we were at war with our lungs and our ears and our throats but it felt so GOOD! I remember when I got banned from the apartments, I'd sit out in my car and just wait for you. Because you still had to drink. You had to numb yourself because there was too much inside you. I remember after I'd drive you home, I'd lay in bed with my best friend talking about how amazing you were, and how much I loved you, and he'd tell me how happy he was that I was finally happy for once.I remember the night I found out you and him had slept together once. It hurt. But that was before I knew you, and I loved you both too much to be mad. I remember the night you fucked him again. And you watched me cry, and you were speechless. I remember when you told me you loved me, and I believed you...but you said you were free and it was beautiful, and you wouldn't give that up ever. I didn't believe you were free, and I never intended to shackle you. When you told me you loved me your words held no truth, but when you told me other things, your eyes were screaming I love you. I know you love me. I know you've told me more than you will ever tell anyone about yourself ever again. I remember talking to my best friend about how much he hurt me. I remember that being the first time I had ever wanted to fight someone. I remember him saying how much he loved me more than anyone else. I remember when you fucked him again. And again. And again. I remember the night you were 10 feet away. I remember the blanket you gave me the day before I moved away. You said I needed something that smelled like you.
That blanket...is in my closet. Underneath all my suits, and my other blankets, and my didgeridoo where I can't see it. Because it scares me. It scares me how much betrayal I can feel from an object, and how much I really really really just want to burn it or get rid of it somehow...but I can't.
PEOPLE ARE SCARED OF EACH OTHER. I know her past but not her present. She knows everything I think in the moment, but nothing about my life outside of her and I. I used to feel perfect with her. I probably still would. She won't come close to me now.
Fuck this shit.
"Where's the rum gone?"
"I've got a jar of dirt!"
"So you are all going to fight them, and you are all going to fight them all on the account of him wanting to kill him?"
"Jack. Where's Elizabeth."
"She's safe, just like I promised. She's all set to marry Norrington, just like she promised. And you get to die for it just like you promised. So we're all men of our word, really... except for Elizabeth, who is, in fact, a woman."
"The lies I told you were not lies"
"You lied to me by telling me the truth?"
"Yes"
"That's good, can I use that?"
"You know when you are standing in a high place and suddenly have the urge to jump?
I don't have it"
"And that was without even a single drop of rum."
"You have a cruel mind, Jack Sparrow."
"Cruel is a matter of perspective"
"You know, for all that pirates are clever clogs, we are an unimaginative lot when it comes to naming things."
"Aye, the original plan was to use nine pieces of eight to bind Calypso, but when the first court met the Brethren were, to a one, skint broke."
"So change the name!"
"To what? "Nine pieces of whatever we happened to have in our pockets at the time?" Oh yes, that's very piratey!"
Dreams as vivid as reality, my bodies lying on the bed as my mind soars causally.
In a wooden house with strangers equivalent to Dorothy's
I look outside the window I see waves of the open seas.
But were not in the ocean see, because pirates are never seen. I swear this is a different scene. If you could see it, you would believe.
But I'm not here to prove that it's nonfiction, let these words be a depiction of dreams that have been driven.
By Purposes filled in vials then consumed by minds made by miles, roads, and directions styled
in shuttering accents, enough of this madness lets jump into passions.
Engraved in my soul is the past-tense...if nothing's new under the sun,
then let my shade be a labyrinth
From rough sea's, to calm waters I shall sail the seven sea's. Heave ho, brace yourself, FIRE! The pirates life for me, thriving on treasures no one can believe, living legends we will soon be. The pirates life for me, drinking and partying, living free with no worries. Fighting those who oppose us, becoming outlaws, becoming mysteries. Yo ho, yo ho, a pirates life for me, gaining cargo from weaker vessels is a part of survival. This is how we live, and we wouldn't have it any other way.
Worked hard for the money
But I ain't digging no dough,
I planted precious seeds
With my bare hand plough.
A scattered debris lost in wilderness,
Like a shipwreck in an open breeze.
You only remember my face
When you've consumed your cheese.
This credo is much draining
And understanding is lost page,
You only have your struggles in stories
And you don't cared on my fate.
having true to words and promises
Is a long lost line in your books
I am oppressing the evil
Ideas of the modern day crooks.
Ahoy shipmates!
For we are all seaman navigating
the tumultuous seas of change.
We ride waves
in storms of ascension
In sunny weather,
inside the mysterious unknown.
Avast Ye!
For compasses are in heart
and sails become like dancing feet
that wave for balance.
We anchor winds
to cleanse thoughts that
rock human vessel.
Ahoy matey!
For our skills are now tested
to pass tides of time as we awake.
We are, the pirates who sail in life's journey
so Keep a weather eye open matey,
and all will be well.
Hodge Podge
I entered a shop titled paraphernalia in Canary Row as I started to enter a raw sea breeze rose it
Blew hard against my back little did I know I was about to enter a new world the place set the
Mood so much nothing that set everywhere but was in perfect order what a place to search for an
Indefinable item moving from one discarded disgraced piece to the next then an item of interest a
Pearl among bitter residue a case of leather with gold initials they were meaningless but they
Seemed to gleam like the time I approached a man setting in front of his house I was just a kid
Although I had lot of zeal for the things of God well it couldnt be a worse situation as far as
Timing goes I just left a womans house that tended bar I thought what an opportunity she will
Be thrilled to see what is in store for her life that bespoke despair that has been more years than
I like to think about but when I shook her hand it was like taking a cold wet fish and holding it
Im not being insulting just truthful the naive blur I was in was quickly taught a lesson it was like
Having a propitious sale on beautiful blue water and all held promise of good things unfolding
But the sea is the master of surprise that is its most captivating quality so from nowhere a
Knifing Wind rips the sail loose for a bit chaos rules that was my feeling as I stumbled away and
Came upon this man as said it wasnt perfect he was opening mail just relaxing and I show up
And Im Arguing this in my head to God he wont listen it will just be repeat of what happened
But as I Passed his fine big car the sun glinted on the chrome and in that briefest of moments
God Spoke this is who I want you to talk to sounds good no God was talking to a deaf guy what
A Picture A tiny speck saying oh sure to the one who created this speck an all the rest so I
Soldiered On he probably thought what his problem I exuded a lot but none being confidence
Well after a Quick hello and in the next breath ready to say goodbye the spirit within started
Speaking Winsomely He dropped his guard I didnt stick my foot in my mouth and we talked
Close to two Hours and at the end he gave me the greatest compliment he said you are a great
Salesman and it meant a lot because that was his line of work again dont have contempt for
Small things so the Case intrigued me and spoke of promise so I purchased it a bit of history
Picked up a last stop for durable goods and it was such an announcement for the times it came
From it had forties written all over it when I picked it up I felt movement that felt like loose
Papers moving instantly it became more valuable what if it was an old movie script they have all
Kinds of stories about How Hollywood was everywhere up and down the coast and didnt I bunk
Next to John Steinbecks son when I first got to Fort Ord the initials were in fact JS maybe he
Started another Story like Cannery Row Tortilla flat a sequel to Grapes of Wrath my heart raced
As I envisioned Spencer Tracy carrying this very case with the script for Tortilla flat they were
Both drinkers Maybe they switched cases in a haze of drink not unlike the mist that socks in the
Monterey Peninsula whatever it was I had to get alone and search the contents so I returned to
My sea Cabin at Big Sur it was already famous then Jack Kerouac spent time there he opened
Many Doors for me I took to the road in an imagination and later in real life I love the sea so the
Cabin Inside looked like a miniature museum of all things nautical I had the immense fire place
Roaring and the sea howled incessantly and the cabin groaned and creaked slightly what music it
Played To enhance the moment I doused the electric lights and lit the lantern you picked it up to
Carry it and you saw yourself as the old man trudging his way up the difficult path to the light
House Walking against a contrary wind so I placed the lantern on the great table that rested on a
Driftwood base sure I paid too much for it in Carmel but it was the best five hundred I ever spent
The twisted gnarled wood glowed with sea glory so now the time came to open the case with
Excited fingers I pressed and they released and I opened the lid in the shadowed light the paper
Might as well have been Silas Marners gold it was paper like rich parchment and strangely it
Had a golden quill I thought typical California you could find anything if you searched very
Long Of course no ink or well to put into it but since I am a calligraphic buff that likes that
Exquisite Way of writing I had the necessary equipment to get started writing with such richness
Crashing Against my heart and mind lost souls at sea and only their case survived it was time to
Write something the quill glowed the tip dripped as black blood the sound of it scratching sent a
Shiver through me the paper licked the ink and pulled it deep within its aged pores for hours I
Was truly lost on a sea of ink well what did you write well friend that is when the pirate in me
Arises and I have to say you will have to wait for the book but I will leave you with this it is
Dedicated to two Donnas one who got me restarted and the other that blesses me and others
With her soulful writing not the end by a long shot
The 9.6 million followers who tune in to watch Miranda Kerr having her hair done on Instagram  for this is how models spend most of their time  were treated to a rather more interesting sight last Thursday: a black and white photograph of a whacking great diamond ring.
Across it was the caption Marry me! and a twee animation of the tech mogul Evan Spiegel on bended knee. Underneath Kerr had typed I said yes!!! and an explosion of heart emojis.
A spokesman for Spiegel, founder of the Snapchat mobile app, who is 26 to Kerrs 33 and worth $US 2.1 billion to her $US 42.5 million , revealed they are very happy.
At first, the marriage seems an unlikely combination: a man so bright he founded Snapchat while still at Stanford University, becoming one of the worlds youngest self-made billionaires by 22, and a Victorias Secret model who was previously married to the Pirates of the Caribbean star Orlando Bloom (she allegedly had a fling with pop brat Justin Bieber, leading Bloom to punch Beebs in a posh Ibiza restaurant).
Perhaps the union indicates that there is more to Kerr than we thought. More likely, it reveals something about Spiegel  and the way the social status of geeks has changed.
Since Steve Jobs made computers cool and Millennials started living online, nerds are king. Even coding is sexy enough for the model Karlie Kloss, singer will.i.am and actor Ashton Kutcher to learn it. Silicon Valley has become the new Hollywood, as moguls and social media barons take over from film stars and sportsmen not just on rich lists, but as alpha men.
Being a co-founder of a company is this decades equivalent to being a rock star or a chef. And, if their attractiveness to models and actresses proves anything, then being a Twag  tech wife or girlfriend  is a thing. Sources tell me Twags are also known as founder-hounders because they like to date the creators of start-up companies.
Actress Talulah Riley was an early adopter. She started dating the PayPal founder Elon Musk in 2008. Riley, then fresh from starring in the St Trinians film, met Musk in Londons Whisky Mist nightclub after he had delivered a lecture at the Royal Aeronautical Society. I interviewed her shortly afterwards and she told me they had spent the evening talking about quantum physics. A month later they were engaged. Their on-again-off-again marriage lasted six years before she filed for divorce again in March. Currently Musk, worth an estimated $US 12.7 billion and focused on Tesla cars, is said to be spending a lot of time with Johnny Depps estranged wife, Amber Heard.
Model Lily Cole dated the Twitter founder Jack Dorsey in 2013. Later she had a son with Kwame Ferreira, founder of the digital innovation agency Kwamecorp. Actress Emma Watson is going out with William Knight, an adventurer who has an incredibly boringly sounding job as a senior manager at Medallia, a software company. Allison Williams, Marnie in the HBO television show Girls, is married to Ricky Van Veen, co-founder of College Humor website.
Could it be that these women are onto something? Dating a bro certainly has its appeal. They are innovative: how else would they invent apps that deliver cheese toasties or match singles based on their haircuts? They are risk-takers who must be charismatic enough to inspire investors and attract crowd-funding. They may not be gym-fit, but they are mathletes who can do your tax bill. They are animal lovers: every start-up is dog friendly. And they are fun: who would not want to date somebody with a ball pool in their office?
There is a saying about dating in Silicon Valley: the odds are good but the goods are odd. Nerds are notorious for peculiar chat-up lines and normcore clothes. Still, if geeks can be awkward, that is part of their charm. Keira Knightley, complaining that Silicon Valley was all men in hoodies and Crocs, described how one gave her his card, saying she should get in touch if she wanted to see a spaceship.
One Vogue writer recalled a Silicon Valley man messaging her via a dating app, in which he noted: In 50 per cent of your photos youre holding an iPhone. It may interest you to find out that I invented the iPhone. More accurately I was an engineer on the original iPhone . . .
Most promisingly, some guys are astoundingly rich. It is suggested Kerrs engagement ring is a 2.5-carat diamond worth around dollars 55,000. She has already moved into Spiegels dollars 12m LA pad. Between his money and her Victorias Secrets bridesmaids, no wonder sources claim they are planning an extravagant wedding.
It might rival even the Napster founder Sean Parkers $US10m performance-art bash. He married songwriter Alexandra Lenas in a canopy among Big Surs redwoods decorated to look like an enchanted forest. Some 350 guests wore Tolkienesque costumes created by The Lord of the Rings costume designer Ngila Dickson. They sat on white fur rugs and were given bunnies to pet. Presumably rabbit babysitters were on hand when the disco started.
If such fantasies inspire you to become a Twag, the great news is you do not have to be a supermodel to be in with a chance. Such is the dearth of single women in Silicon Valley that one dating site, Dating Ring, crowdfunded a plane to fly single women to Palo Alto from New York.
Be warned, though: guys are single because they are married to the job.
No wonder most meet their partners at college or work  the Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg met his wife, Priscilla Chan, at Harvard.
The Instagram co-founder Kevin Systrom met girlfriend Nicole Schuetz at Stanford. Melinda met Bill Gates when, in 1987, they sat next to each other at an Expo trade-fair dinner. He was funnier than I expected him to be, she said.
Kerr began dating Spiegel in 2014 after meeting him at a Louis Vuitton dinner in New York. You can bet he was networking. Shortly after Louis Vuitton showcased their cruise collection in a Snapchat story. Last season Snapchat went on to become the biggest new name at NY fashion week.
If you want to meet tech guys, you might catch them at Silicon Valley parties, which is how the Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick met his partner, Gabi Holzwarth, a violinist hired to play. Or they might be schmoozing clients downtown in a swanky Noe Valley club in San Francisco or a boring Union Square hotel in New York. In London you find them around Old Street, aka Silicon Roundabout, in bars, at hackathons, or start-up meet-ups. In the day they are coding at Google Campus or practising their pitching in a co-working space.
Some tech boys date the old-fashioned way: on Tinder. Airbnb founder Brian Chesky met his girlfriend of three years, Elissa Patel, through the app. When I interviewed Instagram co-founder Systrom he admitted that when he had been single he had signed up.
Dating agency Linx  presumably a play on operating system Linux  is dedicated to making Silicon Valley matches. Amy Andersen set it up in 2003 after moving to Palo Alto and being flabbergasted by the number of eligible men. She claims her clients are extremely dynamic and successful individuals: tech founders, tech chief executives, financier founding partners of large institutions and tons of entrepreneurs.
Andersen says tech guys make fabulous partners. Romantic and chivalrous, they write love letters, plan dates, even proposing on Snapchat! If you want to marry a tech billionaire, she says, you need to bring your A game. Her clients look for women who are equally, if not more, dynamic and interesting than he is!
There are drawbacks to dating tech guys. Before Google buys your amores business, he will be living on Pot Noodles waiting for the next round of funding  and workaholics are dull.
Kerr says Spiegel is 25, but he acts like hes 50. Hes not out partying. He goes to work in Venice [Beach], he comes home. We dont go out. Wed rather be at home and have dinner, go to bed early. Which might suit Kerr, but is not my idea of a fun.
You had also better be prepared to share your life. When Priscilla Chan miscarried three times, Mark Zuckerberg wrote about it on Facebook, while Chesky used a romantic trip with his girlfriend to promote Airbnb - uploading a picture of her in bed, with a note saying f<strong>* hotels. Besides all of which is the notorious issue of Silicon Valley sexism.
It has a chief exec-bro culture that puts pick-up artist/comedian Dapper Laughs to shame. Ninety per cent of women working in the Valley say they have witnessed sexist behaviour, 60 per cent have experienced unwanted sexual advances at work, two thirds of them from their boss. Whitney Wolfe, a co-founder of Tinder, took Justin Mateen to court for sexual harassment. Her lawsuit against the company alleged that Mateen, her former partner, sent text messages calling her a whore.
Spiegel has tech bro form. He apologised after emails from his days at Stanford emerged: missives about stripper poles, getting black-out drunk, shooting lasers at fat chicks, and promising to roll a blunt for whoever sees the most tits tonight (Sunday). After one fraternity Hawaiian luau party, he signed off emails f*</strong>bitchesgetleid.
No wonder some women are not inspired to become Twags. Especially when you could be a tech billionaire yourself. Would you not rather be Sheryl Sandberg, chief operating officer of Facebook, than married to the boss?Read more at:http://www.marieaustralia.com/evening-dresses | www.marieaustralia.com/black-formal-dresses
We passed along the trail
My little boy and me
And as we made our way along
To where his friends would be
As he kicked his step extra hard
Trying to keep up with my pace
And I glanced down without him seeing
The smile creeping up on my face
Up ahead paradise loomed
In the form of merry- go-rounds and swings
And the fantasy land such as these
To a child mind brings
I felt the fingers straining
Wanted to be racingup ahead
So just to be a little rascal
I hold on just a second longer
Till I felt his gaze fall on me
I said "it's alright...go ahead"
I watched my little boy five......and a half
Musn'tforget that as if he'd ever let
So I sat down on this bench watching
It was a place as familiar as
The ever growing creases in my face
Living my childhood over vicariously
Through the eyes of my little boy
Dad and I used to come here
So many years and lives ago
And he would sit on this very bench
While on top of the slide I would be
Beating back lions or tigers below
Maybe pirates whatever I created
Right up to mypreteen years
Then I did what my little boy
Will do someday. a parents greatest fear
They grow up
I can remember like yesterday
As dad and I would start for home
We would pass by the water fountain
I would try without success day after day
Dad would lift me up that mountain
So now that had become a little routine
We go through now two generations so far
Dad would say "what do you want to do son ?"
As we weretraveling that sidewalk
Approaching The fountain as I would say
"Dad I want a drink of cold water from that spring"
"But son," he'd say "that's so high up on that mountain"
And my son will say just as I used to say
"Someday dad you won't have to hold me up
that mountain cause I'll climb it on my own."
Now its become a little routine
"Why would you want to climb way up there? "
I would say "gotta do it today
It may not be here to stay
Nothing lasts forever .....never know when..
It will be too late"
"HEY DAD " I yelled as I came running in
Shredded envelope floating around my head
Like some crazy parade float
In a ticket tape parade -as I read
"You've been accepted ..... Its the college I wanted
Ain't that great dad .. Ain't it GREAT DAD?"
"Yeah it is son but why do you want to go so far away?"
"Gotta go ..go now ..tomorrow may be too late
Nothing lasts forever... No really Dad ain't it great?"
First time I told my wife ..."Hey hon
Look what I'vegot here in my hand"
"Whats that"s ?" she asked
Asked as I held two tickets half hidden
"Its two tickets to Hawaii three weeks of sun and sand"
She stopped dusting--turning so quickly
A little cloud of dust swirled around her head
She said"WHY....." as a smile replaced
Any words she might have said
"They say the oceans are rising
So we better go now and not wait
Nothing lasts forever--another year ..it may be too late"
"Hey DAD. Are you ready?"
As I yanked myself back from the past
My little boy stood before me
"Oh .yeah. I'm ready. Did you have fun son?"
As he turned to look back at the swings
And whatever it may be he saw
A smile grew along his face as he said
"Oh yeah dad .....
....l went around the whole world?"
"Really !That's a lot to do in one day"
"Yeah I know dad ..but nothin lasts forever
Tomorrow it might all be gone
Nothing is here to stay dad"
Thats right son I said tryin' not to cry
So proud of what I just witnessed as a tear..
...Escaped my eye
"You ready to go climb that mountain
And get a nice cold drink?"
He took my hand-as one
we passed through that land
Toward that magic mountain my boy
Was just beginning to grow
in body,soul and mind
As I just got a glimpse of his humor
his faith and his glory
As he put all together-as Iwatch
him learning to think
When our babysitter showed up that evening
And then my wife looked into the den
"Hey there ...are you ready to go?"
She was dressed for a very special evening
As was I but being a man I had been done for a while
So since then I had been ...sitting here in my den
Letting the day I had wash across me like a soft wind
There a reason women take longer
"Oh my god" I said "you.. Absolutely beautiful"
Taking her in my arms "Where are we going again?"
A playful laugh "To the play and a late dinner...
Is your tux or tie too tight..cutting off blood to your head.?
If you don't feel like going...its alright
Whatever you want to do is fine with me"
And I saw her searching my eyes....
....As she instinctively understood
"Well... If you don't mind I'd trip up to 'MOUNT FOUNTAIN'
Its been awhile since I've seen dads smile"
And in perfect harmony we said
"NOTHING LASTS FOREVER ..YOU NEVER KNOW....
WHEN IT WILL BE TOO LATE"
How cool the woodland carpet feels
Under tender barefoot heels
Days of laughter, childhood rambles
Emerging from the leafy brambles
Over the stile and down the dell
Breathing the dark mushroomy smells
Sandra, Davy, me and Jill
Climb the slope to Pendle Hill
~
Buttercup pollen on calf and shoe
Whisper grass still wet with dew
Up and down we ran and ran
"Catch me; catch me, if you can
Cross-legged in the birch tree shade
Stolen apples, lemonade
The happy times I remember still
Of summertime on Pendle Hill
~
Tired from racing chasing games
We gather round the campfire flames
Tell the tales of pirates bold
Of sailing ships and Spanish gold
High above this fabled land
You snuggle close and take my hand
Safe and warm from twilights chill
First love bloomed on Pendle Hill.
She is caressed and tickled faintly
Moves her limbs swiftly against its currents
Seeks to fend off the darkness that surrounds
But is too uncaring to pay heed
Pay heed to those floating by
Disturbing their reveries
Dreams they dream with their eyes wide open
Gazing at the stars, the skies pitch black
For their dreams to realize
They pray to the stars falling
To holy spirits, to Zeus in the gauzy haze
Ignoring her as she drowns
Wishing with lust for glitters and gold
They float all over all around
Blocking the shimmering moonlight
The miniscule ray of hope that she had
Worse, she got vertigo
The waters wash away with whirlpools
In effervescence all bonds that existed
Now withered and weak
The water of totality
Incorporeal, incorporating totality
With mediocre attempts
Barely chafing composure of the surfers
Surfers in trance, penancing after their dreams
Somnolent and drooling in lullaby
Unmindful of the drowning damsel
She is about to succumb
A drunk sailor passes by
Intoxicated in psychedelics, tipsy
With languid gait and slow movements
The world melting before him
With eyes closed he sees the unseen
Vivid serene sceneries and warping visuals
That you and I call hallucinations
Purple, pink and scarlet with spirals
And other ineffable amorphous shapes
For his senses are hindered
That he outreaches for help, thatd cost
Cost him his own dreams and adventures
Dreams to cover the seven seas
With eleven bottles of rum
A downhaul he extends for her
All he sees is a beautiful woman in pain
All he assumes is a paragon of virtue
A company to fill in his solitude
He helps her aboard.
Appalled by apathy of the world
She impels him out of his boat
And treads on alone
To conquer the world
A world of despair
Somewhere among the dreamers
Floating on their surfboards
The bored pirate sees it all
In ephermal tranquillity
For him, All the worlds a stage
Innate truths of the world are clear
Thus he just observes from a distance
Like an all seeing eye of the illuminati
And he doesnt dream
Anymore.
the timbers of
the shipwreck
keep my heart,
well, afloat.
(And thus the love of others getting it, is beyond wonderful and truly a grace given to us all.)
h ttp://revengeoftheherd.com/2015/08/15/the-great-con-of-man-esoterics-the-supernatural-magicians-mind-co&shy;ntrol-and-the-new-world-order/
The Great Con of Man  Esoterics, The Supernatural, Magicians, Mind Control and the New World Order
15
Saturday
Aug 2015
Posted by Old Shep in Alternative, NWO
Comments Off on The Great Con of Man  Esoterics, The Supernatural, Magicians, Mind Control and the New World Order
Tags
black magic, bradley loves, contracts, esoteric, magic, word magic
From Bradley Loves:
CHAPTER ONE
Backwards and forwards, sideways, and mirrored, the mind sees absolutely everything! It is a great holographic computer, which, when left to operate normally, really does contain both the POWER and the unlimited INFORMATION of the cosmos within it.
However, with dis- connected DNA, (thanks to certain ET groups) our ability to perceive subtle vibrations, and their effects within our multi-dimensional reality, has been quite interfered with.
With fully connected DNA, a spoken word will cause a vibration that can literally be SEEN by the human being speaking it. They will see either the harmony, or the discord, within that vibration, as well as a corresponding color to that vibration which will then tell them if that vibration will do good things or bad things! They will know whether that vibration is helpful, or harmful to them or the other things around them.
As they watch the vibration propagate, they will also see the affect that the vibration has upon other levels, as it is propagated into the ethereal and astral planes from the physical planes. Such is the nature of a totally connected human being with fully operational DNA!
They will also see both the color and texture of the vibration as it is spoken, along with the feeling of the harmony, or the disharmony. They will see all of this as one complete knowing.
A fully connected human is aware on multiple levels. The reason for disconnecting our DNA was very specific in that those who did this did NOT want human beings to be able to see the effects of their words, or the magic that those words held. It was done so that they could not see the subtle vibrations and thus protect themselves from the harm that their own word spell-ings would invariably to those around them and other levels.
It was malicious, it was intentional, it was a Cosmic Crime!
It was done to render them defenseless. The plan was always to enslave these poor humans who had been genetically altered, and genetically manipulated. This will become more clear to you as you read on. For now, I will simply refer to these beings or this group as DARK MAGICIANS  Later, you will both be able to see, and understand better, who they are, and why they did what they did.
Word Magic is both tremendously vast and complex. To understand only a small fraction of it takes a lot of time. So, lets start really small, and take only one or two sacred sounds out of many hundreds. We will look at what they both indicate and cause.
Each spoken (cast) word or phrase, is a magic spell (spelling) that carries power, color, vibration, will, intent, and is magnetically charged.
If we look at a few word-magic spells, or magic spell-ings that people cast almost daily, we will first consider them, and then observe what is similar in these 10 words.
Rust-Lust-Crusty-Must-Musty-Disgust-Bust-Trust-Ju&shy;st-Justice
Apart from the fact, they all rhyme, (sound the same), which is due to the ust sound, every one of these magical words tend to indicate a presence of decay!
-Rust is a decay of metal-Lust is a decay of the mind-Musty is a smell associated with decay-Disgust is the decay of reverence for another.
So, if we look closely at the similarity of these words, all of them seem to hold an indication of decay within them. If we look at words that are not nearly as obvious, we can only decipher them if we already know what we are looking for. When we look at the word must, as in  you must do this or, you must do that, the word must due to the ust sound has to indicate decay.
It then is not so difficult to see where the decay is, once you realize that ust always means decay! MUST indicates the decay of your spiritual FREEWILL, since no living being, according to Prime Creator, must do anything.
By using words with similar sounds, and then grouping them together, we are able to deduce that those magicians who gave us our language are giving us hidden clues as to what those words actually mean, (as opposed to what we THINK they mean.)
If someone comes to you and uses the word Must in a sentence, (as in  You MUST do this) that very word indicates to you a real time decay of your freedom as the magic spell-ing of the word is being cast at you from the one doing the casting.
Can anyone find fault with this? Lets look at an example: If you are a kid sitting on the couch watching your favorite television program, and your mother comes to say, Timmy, you MUST, do your homework! Timmys freewill, (in real time) has just experienced DECAY!
The actual experience of Timmys loss of freewill, and thus his freedom, will be determined by the tone, the timbre, the will, and the intent of his mother, who is casting the word spell at him!
If Timmys personal shields are up, (shields made of pure love), he can deflect the power of this word spell and most likely negotiate his freedom back to a certain extent! If he has not generated his own shields of love, the word spell will take effect and his freedom is gone!
The commonality of all of these words above, as said, earlier is the ust sound!
The ust sound, when added to different leading symbols of sacred geometry, (each of which has a special meaning), and then cast into the ethers really does create vibrational decay in various ways, due to the nature of the leading geometry, and the vibration of the sound being propagated.
Recapping old territory here: The spoken word has both vibration and color. The color of the ust sound is not pretty to look at.
So again, when we look at the word must  There has to be decay somewhere in this word, because the whole purpose of the ust sound is to indicate a presence of decay.
Following along with this line of thinking, if a sacred sound indicates decay, then also by natural law, it will also have to create that decay in real time, if it is used or CAST as a spelling at someone.
This happens (because in the higher realms or frequencies), there is NO DIFFERENCE between intent and what that intent will actually create.
There is no time lag between thought and the manifestation of thought in the higher frequencies. They are one and the same. Intent is literally creations engine.
Therefore, if one repeats this spell or spelling enough times by speaking it, it actually creates the vibration of decay wherever you are casting (speaking) it.
THAT is why our enslavers GAVE US language in the first place, (after they disconnected our ability to communicate telepathically).
They taught us as little children (in things called schools) both the sacred geometry  and the sounds that go with that geometry, so that when we cast these spellings out into the ethers through our speech, we would then  by using them constantly  be creating for ourselves our own entrapment and enslavement!
They knew that what you repeat often enough in your speech, you would create without knowing it by having it eventually manifest into the world around you!
Remember this from scripture  when the word goes forth, creation begins!
So in conclusion  The very words that we are using daily actually create what we use them for.
So WE, (as very powerful beings, which are eternal, and formed from pure love and light), have been forced by our vicious enslavers, to use our OWN UNLIMITED POWER of creative force to assist THEM in keeping us enslaved.
The method here is simple: You take a great power or force, and then turn it BACK ON ITSELF! This crime by the way  is totally against COSMIC LAW.
So, knowing what you know now, consider the next word: Trust!
People think that trust is a very good word, but is it really?
It has the ust sound which indicates decay. Interestingly, Trust (also a Banking Term) can mean a place or construct where the magicians hide monetary value.
They put it in a TRUST!
Which is why ALL BANKS tell us to place our TRUST in them.
If we place our trust in another human being, or some other institution like Government for instance, or the Police, or the Courts, or especially Judges for instance, to always do whats right, without first learning all we need to learn about them, then the very word trust becomes a DECAY of ones own Wisdom!
So here is where the decay can be found within this word: Too much trust is the decay of personal power, personal growth, and the knowledge and wisdom that comes from learning things for ones own self!
If we trust all of our politicians to always do whats right, without watching them closely  then that is not wise. Trust finally, indicates a strong decay in our very ability to know what we are getting into  if we do NOT do our homework!
As I also mentioned, a Trust is a kind of financial haven for many people with money. People put their money into Trusts, but when that money is in a Trust, it is not doing anything useful for the planet, so then its creative possibility for POSITIVE USE is decaying in real time while it sits there doing nothing.
Now that you are getting the hang of it
Consider the words just and justice, realizing these very words were given to us to use by our enslavers.
These words indicate decay, because of the ust sound being cast.
Justice (in our world) is the continuous decay of our freedom, simply because to bring someone to Justice, usually ends in incarceration. We now have MORE PEOPLE in jail in the United States of Corporate America than every other country of the world put together! We dont need Justice/Incarceration; we need BALANCE.
So we can see that we certainly have lots of Justice going on in America; however, we also have less and less people who are free. If the truth were really faced and dealt with  we would be appalled to know that millions of millions of young adults have been incarcerated for holding a plant in their hands. Maybe we should be casting a different spelling into the ether to achieve a better result.
Remember, that our language was given to literally entrap us by those who think they OWN us.
Isnt it interesting that the head of the Supreme Court in Corporate America, is called the Chief Justice, or more correctly, the chief reason for all the vicious decay happening in America.
So to repeat then  what we really want to do is not bring people into Justice, but instead bring them into oneness, or into unity, or into love. If we cast these spellings all the time, then we as a group will create far better results for both ourselves and our world. But we would need to know which words to use and how to use them properly.
Now consider these words:
Frost-Lost-Cost
These words indicate something missing or lacking
Frost is the lack of warmth-Lost is the lack of direction-Cost is the lack of knowledge (as in: not knowing the truth really cost him dearly)
So the ost sound indicates lack. (With me so far?)
For comparison, We have these two words which look similar but sound different than cost and lost.
Host-Ghost
But notice that these words, even though spelled the same, dont sound the same as frost and lost, why not? Who decided that host and lost should not rhyme, or have the same sacred sound? This is not accidental. There are no accidents.
Here you have two magic spellings that have similar geometry, ost, but they sound differently. So it stands to reason that in certain magic spell-ings, it was determined by the enslavers that you need to place a slightly different sound onto the very same geometry, to get a slightly different desired effect in the creative vibration that it would then manifest by the person using that spelling.
The most important thing you can know from all of this however, is that BOTH sound and vibration, projected into the ethers, are creative in different ways. So please be careful of the words that you use, because each word spell casts a very different vibration! What you need to know is that sound and vibration are all part of the magical creation of our planetary reality which I am going to say is A MAGNETIC HOLOGRAM! This will be explained in deeper detail as we move along.
The work of the now very Famous Japanese Scientist who recently passed away  Masaru Emoto, was invaluable in showing us the deep truth that word vibration actually affecting living things and living tissue on a microscopic level. He took pictures of frozen water crystals after talking to them and found that those tiny molecules of water that were spoken to lovingly were exceedingly beautiful, and those water molecules which were hated and verbally abused, were totally ugly and dis formed!
Here is a link to his website, complete with pictures!
h ttp://www.masaru-emoto.net/english/water-crystal.html
Finally, this should truly help you to understand that reality IS ALWAYS CHANGEABLE! Right in front of us, the words that we are casting, as proved beyond any doubt by Emotos scientific research, are actually CREATING CHANGES IN REALITY!
By the very words we speak daily, we cast vibrational changes into the fabric of the magnetic hologram, which will then reflect changes in the REALITY that we are seeing.
Casting spellings are actually using magic powers! Which is why the spoken word is always used in occult magic spells in the first place.
Now lets go back to ust. What about bust?
If you bust something, its broken. Then it can decay. But lately, a womens breasts have also come to be labeled her bust. Do you think this was accidental?
If the NWO intends to get rid of the divine feminine as a part of their over-all take over the world agenda, then her breasts (as a sacred symbol) would need to get busted, in order to supernaturally get rid of the symbol of femininity within the construct, so these days, breasts have suddenly became known as busts in common or slang vernacular.
In this way, magically, the symbol of her femininity gets broken, by casting a serious spell of DECAY at them.
Behind all of these machinations of world control are dark magicians who really do understand the OCCULT and HIDDEN knowledge of both frequency and vibration! It is they who cast a dark spelling on all females by putting a new slang word into our vocabulary, so that we are then using that word for her breasts. Bust both indicates and creates decay due to the ust sound.
How many women especially in the US (where this word is very prevalent) are now experiencing breast cancer?
And, most probably, many of them refer to their breasts as busts.
(They should simply say breast instead.)
Now, before I get ANY PROTESTS about how this could happen, (inserting a new slang word into our vocabulary) just know that these master magicians have huge amounts of the population of our world ALREADY under mind control. Doing something like this is far easier than you think. Adding a new slang term into the mass consciousness for them is actually quite easy. Its as easy as a corny TV show in prime time. Or, a popular radio show on the long drive home, or a large road side advertising sign in just the right place to change how we as a group think.
Also notice that those who call themselves the elites  always use different words than the ones the commoners are TAUGHT to use.
They pride themselves on their far more expanded vocabulary. But is it just pride, OR, are they avoiding using certain words that they know are only for the commoners to use?
Finally, lets stay with ust and look at one more word  dust.
Here again, ust is used to indicate decay. Dust is decayed matter in micro-particles.
In the Catholic Church, during their long holiday called lent, which in and of itself is an intere
my heart is a treasure chest-
so valuable, pirates and sailors alike would risk their lives trying to
find it.
SHe saves her kisses for when her heart jumps.
She straddles my lap when she needs to be heard.
She has 13 different smiles that range from that was a terrible joke to I love this freaking dog to I love you
She covers her eye like a pirate to nail a bullseye.
She loves Fleetwood and blues brothers and wonderland avenue.
Her kisses can be apologies or declarations of love. They can be quick pecks or longed for desires.
I can read the words tattooed on her tongue without her ever having to speak them.
This seems to work out well for both of us.
The ramifications of male testosterone in this particular case concentrated in Kitchel Park Captain
Kitchel never or maybe before he became embroiled in the great civil war he too took a skinny dip in a
Body of local water some place. Impromptu swimming occurs all the time some place well this was
Attributed to the facts of kids who watched Picnic tables for people the next day who can resist the
Allure of cool water just two hundred yards away and a short climb twenty fellas pardon the slang a dark
Pool and I must say a pearl of its time now Shelbyville has slides in the pool brand new pool come on
Pana where is your pride look at these dandy boys they had it not one was ashamed as he dropped his
Pants this wasnt like in the gym shower or what the perversion was the school check up us guys
Dutifully walk up to the nurse never mind they made us strip naked then reminiscent of grocery
Shopping with an embarrassing twist now with two fingers lift your grocery bag I still dont get it those
Plastic whistles comes to mind with the white ball you blow and it dances about with vigor maybe they were checking
Your blood pressure by the degree of how far down your face got red or maybe it was mass punishment
For any who may have looked at dirty magazines well let us return to fun and chaos all was fun and gay
Not the Frisco way happy unbridled in this case totally free and uninhibited well until now I give Babe
Ruth his due I even made up stories about him out in right field where they stuck me in pony league
Wow the Babe could hit clear over to the road well except this involved his candy bar you know what
Happens in dark waters bare Fannies everywhere and then along comes babe clothed in chocolate well
Jaws comes to mind the Red Sea never parted any faster what attention you would have thought it could
Talk by the way guys were leaning forward trying to get a closer look some brave soul or maybe the guy
Took a bite before releasing this terror and someone could see ether nugget or nuts anyway calm
Waters returned well briefly our look out let one car pass but twenty minutes later the alarm a police car
Just entered on maple we have all seen pirates climb up the sides of ships with bedraggled clothes on
Well hit rewind have the pirates in different degrees of undress according to speed and in born casual
Feelings about nudity there was the stampede now if you like your news in the paper then headline it or
If you like live reporting then my choice would be Soupy Sales or Jerry Lewis as the nutty professor hair
Combined down in eyes pop bottle glasses over pronounced teeth standing at the park gate last
Night there was a strange report of it seems the ozone had developed several cracks at I guess you could
Say at about hip level moving very fast in westerly direction toward the big auditorium if anything else
Was exposed by this phenomena we are not at liberty to say this is family news we already have been
Censored at 714 Jackson for comments made earlier the story takes a darker turn it involves tobacco
And break inns property damage and loss and a beer tossing clown was hurt after steeling beer from the
Pana hotel the son was involved but no other news is available at this moment.
Below the deck lies not just my crew,
but a boatload of items for me and for you.
Tremble before it's glittering wealth,
but looking too long is bad for your health.
Can't say where we're sailing next,
since I'm a fool for any foreign object.
And ye best watch your tongue on me ship,
or else you'll find yourself taking a dip.
"Ahoy! Land Ho!" Shouts the man above,
"Prepare to dock" commands the captain of
The ship that always sails and that never returns,
but it always carries treasure, and tis be the name it earns.
The sea calls me,
and nothing can stop
the unfurling of sails,
I am a sea-boat captain,
exploring the dark waters,
scouting for whales,
new country to see,
new shores to step upon,
a daunting shipwreck
will not keep me down,
I did not give up,
yet nearly drown.
Don't hold the past so tightly,
it will always let you down,
don't tread the water without direction,
sink in,
prepare for the long hall,
and set sights for salvation's shore,
life does not end with tragedy,
trust me darling there is more!
There is more!
The sea calls me,
and nothing can stop
the break of new day,
I am a sea-boat captain,
shouting to the heavens,
Anchors aweigh!
Anchor aweigh!
Freedom is calling,
calling "Anchors aweigh!"
(c) DM 2016
1546
Sweet Pirate of the heart,
Not Pirate of the Sea,
What wrecketh thee?
Some spices Mutiny
Some Attars perfidy?
Confide in me.
There was tension between the families from the start
My best friend's wedding was certainly one for the record books
I tried to bring sensible mediation to the dance floor
As his Grandpa Helmar raised his walking cane and struck the Brides Father in the neck
Each of the families allegiance spurned combative retribution and all Hell broke loose
I took one for the team with a sac of Jordan Almonds to the right eye
Then slipped on the wedding gift of excrement left by the ring bearer, the family poodle
I came to consciousness wet with champagne thrown in my face, I thanked my wife for caring.
Aunt Sarrah, in her drunken zeal, thought it wise to toss all her cookies in the Reverend's face
The Bride's mother slapped an unsuspecting cousin with her overly expensive oversized hat
And the Groom's sister's dress was ripped to shreds by the Bride's teenage niece
Yes. the same dress that my wife said was hideous and did nothing for her.
The two parties had not much to say to each other in the waiting room of the ER
bandages and gauze were passed around like Hors d'oeuvres, but not the Bayer Aspirin
We all watched in shameful disgust, the videographer's collection of memories
The next day as the Bride and Groom opened their gifts
And I, sporting a keen black patch, a pirate only his wife could love...
Reminded my dear friend of the possible outcome of having two reception menus
One honoring him and his family and one honoring his Bride and her family
Highlighted by Knigsberger Klopse, and respectively, Gefilte Fish with carrots
Their love endures!
-----ChawzzyScript
~for mark john junior~
the spigot turns counterclockwise,
oft I wondered why,
is it the magic way to make
things rise...
'pon occasion, the water shuts off,
turn left to right or vice versa,
no juice no bath and life starts
to stink, especially under armpits
and you think
how many love poems does one soul
in his lifetime possess,
and can I do better than my last...
if at all
sometimes you stare at a blankenship
ocean adrift, pirate hijacking victim,
no grub, no paddle or map,
but an empty water bottle
baffled you ask it
to point north,
laughs at you, asking,
"am I a compass,
or you,
a complete ass,"
a seismic groan out loud,
registers on
Florida's hurricane wind watch
how come this to be
meteoric loss of metaphor bridging,
search the Internet for the Viagra
of poetic inspiration, and an
error message delivered:
"plagiarize, or better luck next time sucker"
patience, football, thy women,
will in time realize the artful truth realized:
"Creativity is allowing oneself to make mistakes; art is knowing which ones to keep"
Scott Adams (creator of Dilbert)
so
go forth,
make mistakes plenty,
keep some good,
the pink ones fyi, my fav,
look that quill in the face,
and give the lazy bastard some lip,
reminding it,
it gets paid and ink drinks,
by the word
I'm thoughtfully watching joyous pupilsviciously coming across girlish phantoms.
Meanwhile you are watching me satanically bounding through fields of flaming stimulations, while riding on hope that depends on productivity. I won't ever find it. Productivity that is.
Satisfaction might never be prioritized above facts. This is FACT-
The unknown needlessly attracts poetry.
Our reality abraded and unjust can be uncomfortable if its entangled with education.
Moving at your own pace is a fountain of materialism and greedy lusts.
Psychic ability favors pressure, and a random act of silliness can somehow mold in to self reform.
Magic has been brought to you by Nikola Tesla and of course Prince...He is the true King, save Bowie of course.
Sexology turns boring things into The American Dream.
Suggestively inter-dimensional paintings as a punch line to a tasteless joke for tasteless people. ----&gt; See blog for details. Http://www.tasteforthetasteless.tumblr.com
Swiftly opulent inspectors for future generations leave no getaways for past generations. Thank your god for this..I certainly do.
Feminist eruptions and Malibu Barbie areinexpensive expectations with crazed, maniacal plans for world domination. We fed the Illuminate to the space pirates and now we are the people.
Enclosed in this excessively long mixture of nonesenical words are meanings of life like surgically altered violins fueled by bitterness and rage are the way to the Sneaker Pimps six-Underground.
Our politicians are galavanting with over paid under appreciated butchers.
Comfort is the leading cause of heroism and cancer.
Electricity is a side-effect of greed. Greed fuels each and every home.
Activism is another form of stigmata and self-confidence rests upon your soul's desire to be better.
A perfect moment is ruined by mythology. Throw it away along with your scum of an ego. Learn what bogs you down and what helps to keep you afloat.
Sexual tension can trigger an avalanche of vengeance and self loathing destruction
Your energy can transcend in to a rouge wave larger than life and larger than Jesus Christ fanatics followed by Anti-Christ hopefuls.
Laughter gravitates towards ravenously healthy men and women. Follow that pack and you will find health awaiting your arrival with open arms.
I never met a storm I didn't like
I wish I could say the same for people
Though sometimes I think
They have as little control
Of what they destroy
As storms
I think I could love anyone,
that shared a mountain coast with me.
Those rocks and rivers and beachfront caves?
I feel like a pirate.
And I believe not caring what others think,
Is a coward's way to self-esteem.
You can't make everyone happy
That doesn't mean you shouldn't try.
I can seem cold
But what you're hearing
Is precision
It makes sense when you love words
And hate being misunderstood.
I hate when people argue to be right
Instead of understand
It's self-indulgent
And dehumanizing
And so very me.
I'm such a nerd I'd need another poem
to convey how much
But I think it will suffice to say
If you like
Will McAvoy
The Dragonborn
Charles Spurgeon
Vault Dwellers
or the Crystal Gems
We'll probably get along.
And lastly
I only wrote this poem
Because I hate not having an answer
To "tell me about yourself."
Debout dans la foule ,
Mes paumes en sueur ,
Mes yeux pleins de larmes ,
et je te vois sur la scne .
Une dernire performance,
Un dernier spectacle pour le public .
Un homme vous aide avec votre collier ,
et vous vous levez lentement au-dessus de la foule .
et regarder dans mon me .
Mon amour , mon amour , il murmure .
et puis un regard mort entre ses yeux , qui a tenu son me .
Il est parti  long avant de laisser son swing de corps,
Entre les chevrons ,
Accrochant saison dans la potence.
&gt;&gt;&gt; This is more "NoPo@HePo" (Non-poetry at Hello Poetry). It is a new way to share your writings here, Fiction or non. I hope you enjoy it. If you choose to join in, PLEASE place the notice "&gt;&gt;NOPO@HEPO&lt;&lt;" so that folks that look for them can find them and folks that wanna skip them, can skip them! ) &lt;&lt;&lt;
There was no sun today. As I walked across the driveway to the barn and looked out over the fields and our farmhouse, I couldnt see sunlight on anything. I watched the corn flutter in the breeze and it took me back to a day that seems like yesterday. Ive been writing now for almost twenty years and though Ive thought about putting this on paper umpteen million times; Ive never had the courage. To this day, I dont know if I was dreaming or if I actually had a real life miracle. One thing is for sure ... It felt real ... and it changed my life forever. Besides all that, Im not too sure that anyone would believe me anyway. I know my Dad tried to believe me. The only real proof I have is my Papaws old pocket watch ... and the note.
At any rate, Ill tell this tale now and when Im gone, maybe someone will get a kick out of it or maybe itll make them think ... the way it did me. I wont even try to pass it off to my agent or my publisher. I like my job. I love working the farm to this day, but the income from writing keeps me from having to worry about what will happen when I take my harvest to market ... like my Dad did all too often. As did his Dad before him. As have all farmers for that matter. These men have gambled with their lives, farms and families for their very existence for far too long.
It all started about a month or so before harvest, when I was fourteen years old. That previous winter, right after the first hard snow, my Mom and my Papaw were on their way into town to get candles and kerosene for the lamps. It had been especially windy that season and we were without lights more often than not. You see, our farm stood alone almost thirty miles from any other farm. At the time, we were also alone on our power grid. It was one of the first farms outside Sioux City to have electricity. One of the wires, legs as theyre called, that traveled out to our place from the power station was loose on one of the poles. So, whenever the wind got too high, it would shake the line causing a short and some of the lights in our farmhouse would flicker, sometimes popping a bulb or worse still, a fuse. The frustrated Power Company searched a whole summer in vain for the loose connection. While it wasnt cost effective to check all sixty miles of poles, they found and replaced a questionable transformer with a newer model ... all to no avail.
The very next time we had some big winds, we went through half a box of fuses. My Dad and My Pap went to the board of directors at Mid-west Power and Light to plead for a resolve, but they walked away instead with a mutual agreement. They werent too enthused ... but it was better than nothing. The Power Company agreed to supply us with a lifetime supply of fuses and a monthly allotment of bulbs. It was better than nothing ... I guess. Well, we had gone through all the bulbs that month already and my Pap was doing a lot of tinkering that winter. He wanted candles for his workbench. As he and my Mom were going down Route Sixty-three, they came over the hill at the railroad crossing and didnt see the Noon train that was making its way into town. The police said that by the time he hit the brakes on his old truck, it was too late. The road was too icy and they slid right in front of the train. Christmas just wasnt the same that year.
I remember sitting in my Paps big chair, holding my Christmas stocking. I stared into the fire and listened to the cold Iowa wind outside. I wished that my Mom and my Pap would walk through the door and give me big hugs and kisses. I wished that I could wake up from this bad dream. But ... I was all too awake. The only thing that made that day bearable was the look on my Grannys face when she unwrapped the cane I had carved for her. My Pap and my Dad were both carvers. I remember watching them carve everything from serving plates and furniture to tobacco pipes. We would all giggle after my Mom would give them what-for about all the shavings on the porch. I was just fascinated at their talent. When I turned ten, they gave me my first whittling knife. I started to carve a piece of wood and when I was done, I had nothing left to carve. I was just so excited to be carving like them. My Pap looked at the sliver of wood that was left from what started as a stick and he grinned from ear to ear. Looking at it as serious as he could he asked me kindly Whatcha got there boy?
I remember looking at it and then answering him as serious as I could Its a toothpick for my Mom! I announced. He took it from my hand and began sanding it smooth. He smiled at me as proud as could be.
And a fine toothpick it is too ... A fine toothpick. Well, four years and countless tree limbs later, I had become a wood carver almost on the level of my tutors. At least thats what they told me anyway. I had worked secretly on my Grannys cane in the barn until it got too cold, then I finished it on my Paps bench in the basement. I tapped, chipped, chiseled, sanded and painted until my hands were numb. She pulled the paper from it so carefully I almost screamed in anticipation. She never tore her Christmas wrappings; she saved them. Waste not, want not. She would say. She held my work up to the firelight and looked over the rims of her glasses at the intricate leaves and flowers I had worked so hard to inlay in the wood.
The appreciation on her face made all those hours so much more than worth it ... and in those moments after she took it out of its wrappings, I felt the weight of my loss lifted from my soul. Adding to my joy, she handed it to my Dad. He inspected it with genuine amazement. He looked at me with a look on his face that I hadnt seen before. When I look back now, I realize that it was his sense of loss ... for me. He told me it was the finest piece of whittling hed ever seen. I felt like a man that cold Christmas morning, but it was the upcoming planting season that would usher in my manhood ... and my understanding of life ... Good or bad.
My Dad and I had been out surveying our freshly planted rows of corn. The sun was warm that day and the breeze almost tingled as it drifted over the little beads of sweat on my forehead. I felt so proud to be my Dads understudy. Before this, I had been the farmhand of the family; feeding chickens and helping my Mom and my Granny doing the menial tasks that never seem to end around a working farm. I couldnt wait for the day when I could go out and operate tractors and combines ... I just knew it would make me a man.
Well, I got my wish, but as life usually does you, not in the way Id imagined it would come. After my Pap died, I had to do both of the tasks, chores in the morning and working the fields in the afternoon. My Dad had taught me how to operate the tractor, as promised, right after my thirteenth birthday. As he and my Pap harvested the corn that year, I would follow the combine so that I could practice staying in between the rows. My Dad stood on the back of the combine watching the corn being sprayed from the hopper ... and watching me battling to keep the wheels straight. Learning was one thing, but now I was doing it for real.
Satisfied that our crop was sound, we headed back to the smell of one of my Grannys famous Pot Roasts. The smell was like the call of a siren. After youd eaten it once, you couldnt control yourself if you smelled that smell again. Our walk from the barn slowly turned to a laughing foot-race as we got closer to that kitchen she was so effortlessly turning into a farm boys nirvana. My Dad beat me to the steps, but I jumped up the three steps in one bound and to the door in another, triumphantly sneering at him as I swung open the door and filled my nose with her roast beef heaven. She grinned at our competition and rushed us away from the counter to go and wash our hands.
Off with you, now! She commanded, Therell be no nibblin til yer hands is warshed! Her Kentucky accent always warmed my heart ... I loved that woman in a way that cant be described. Of all the people in my life, even my parents, I never felt like anybody could see through my soul like she could. She knew just how to make me smile when I was sad ... She knew just how to correct me when I was wrong ... But, most of all, she knew just how to praise me when Id done something right. Making her proud was thee greatest feeling Ive ever known ... When she squeezed me as she gave me approval, I felt like I could do anything. I also felt like Id do anything to get that hug. Theres never been anyone else like her in my life.
We were sitting at the table eating our supper; my Granny pulled my Paps old pocket watch out of her apron and pressed the crown to open it up. After she read the time, she looked at me with a grin, So Jefferson, would you like to drive over to the feed store with me after dinner? I was nodding with my mouth full, I knew what she really wanted to take me along for. I had Ben leave us some chicken feed out on the loading dock and if were gonna have eggs next week well be needin to go and pick it up. True, she did need me to pick up the heavy bags of feed, but the real reason that she wanted to take me along ... was a driving lesson!
My Dad wanted to wait to teach me to drive a car. He said that teaching me the tractor and the car in one season was more than his heart could handle. She saw my frustration ... as was her way ... and started sneaking me off for lessons every chance she got. But today, something else had caught my attention ... Something that Id had in the back of my mind for some time now. I had admired that watch since the day my Pap had taught me how to tell time on it. After he died, I began to have hopes of some day having it for my very own. Today, I decided to try and reinforce my wishes by asking her if she remembered telling me that she would give it to me one day.
Looking across the table at me,my Dad told me, on no uncertain terms, that that pocket watch would be his long before it would ever be mine. I didnt realize it then, but the reason she didnt say anything to his statement was because he was teasing me. After I got up and ran away to my room for a cry, she chastised him for teasing me. He told her that if I was gonna grow up to run His farm, that I was going to have to have a lot thicker skin than that. She told me this as she gave me my lesson that day. I remember not totally believing her ... I also remember her trying to hide her nervousness at my inability to keep the car on the windy road. The fields were all fresh planted, so there was nothing to block the stiff, Iowa wind. Even though I knew she would never lie to me, I still felt like my Dad was really mean at the dinner table.
When we got back, I put the feed in the shed and she let me park the car in the barn. As I got up to the porch, they tried to hide their spat about her letting me park the car. I pretended like I didnt hear them. We went inside and I helped her get up the stairs so she could sit in her room and read. The wind was playing havoc on the lights as usual but in her room, they didnt flicker. Actually, they only flickered in the entry hall, the kitchen, the dining room and the basement. Those circuits were on the bad leg.
My Dad was in the living room rewinding a coil for one of the pump motors. We had found the south field dry that afternoon and it only took a minute for my Dad to find the problem. He told me hed need to fix it tonight and have the pump going tomorrow or our freshly planted maize would wither and die. I knew he could fix it, he could fix anything. It was a trait that hed picked up from my Pap. I hoped that one day I would inherit this great gift. He thanked me for helping my Granny up the steps, but he didnt apologize for teasing me at dinner. I didnt mind helping her though; Id do anything for her.
She had always limped, at least as long as I could remember. My Dad told me his mother had fallen down a flight of steps in her youth. Since that accident, she had always had a bum leg. I swear though ... I never heard her complain once. Even when it was cold and her face showed the extra effort it took for her to walk, she always smiled.
I went into the kitchen to make some popcorn. As I shook the cast iron kettle, the lights began to flicker and then went out altogether. I pulled the kettle from the burner and ran down to the basement fuse box. Id done it so many times that I didnt need the flashlight. I fumbled across my Paps workbench for the paper box of fuses. It was the next to the last one. After I swapped them out, the lights came on in the basement.

My eyes gazed across the dusty old bench and I pictured my Pap fixing my bicycle ... or my Moms toaster. He was amazing. When he wasnt fixing something, he was baking cookies. He never cooked anything else ... just chocolate chip cookies. He said they soothed the souls of young and old alike. After he died, we didnt come down here much; just to change fuses mostly. I ran back up the steps to the kitchen and went back to my popcorn. When it was done, I poured it into two bowls and headed back to the living room. I set my Dads bowl on the coffee table, then sat up on my Grannys organ bench to watch him work.

When he finished, he put the pump-motor back together and ran me off upstairs to get a bath and go to bed. I had a lot to do before I went to school the next morning and four-thirty a.m. was going to come awful quick. I didnt argue, I knew he was right. I gave him a hug and ambled up the stairs. When I woke up in the morning, I immediately noticed something was wrong. As I got to the top of the steps, something was missing. It wasnt til I got to the kitchen that I realized what it was. I didnt smell my Grannys biscuits ... Or her ham ... or her red eye gravy. My Dad was making coffee and I asked him where my Granny was. He kind of gave me a dirty look and shook his head. Your Grandmother is seventy-four years old. Maybe shes tired. I didnt say a thing. He always was a grump in the morning. I let out a long sigh and began scanning around the counter for some bread or leftover biscuits. He gave me another dirty look. I could feel his demeanor all the way across the room. I spose you want someone to cook yer breakfast fer ya.
I acted as nonchalant as I could. No, Im gonna have me a peanut butter and molasses sandwich.
I informed him. He poured me a glass of milk and reminded me of everything I needed to do before I left.
As I fed the chickens, I kept my eye on my Grannys window. I slopped the hogs, watered the dogs and checked the hen house. I took the eggs back to the house and was surprised to see that the light in her room still wasnt on. I rode my bike out to where my Dad was fixing the pump and he gave me a ride to the schoolhouse. It wasnt until they came and got me out of class that the funny feeling I had had in my belly all morning was explained. My Granny had passed away in her sleep. As I cried in the truck on the way back to the farm, my Dad told me that I had only today, and the day of the funeral, to cry. He said he wouldnt stand for me to cry after that. He told me that I was too big to cry any more.
I was so hurt and angry that I yelled at him through my tears. "NO ... " I screamed.  ... YOURE the one thats too big to cry! I remember him looking over at me in amazement. I looked back at him and finished with You DIDNT cry when Mommy died and you probably WONT cry now!
He whipped the truck over onto the side of the road ... but instead of the whoopin I just knew was coming; he looked at me in total silence. It was worse than a whoopin. He shut off the motor and stared out the windshield. After a while, I just couldnt look at him. He said, Jefferson Robles ... If you think, for one moment, that I didnt cry when your mother was taken away from us ... He took a huge, deep breath and let it out with a sigh. YOU are sadly mistaken. He took his Red Rose Feed cap off and laid his head against the back window. His eyes were closed. "Im a grown man ... He said.  ... I have a lot of responsibility ... I know its hard for a boy your age to understand now, but I just cant be cryin in front of the whole world. It makes me look weak.
He was right ... I didnt understand. That ride home was almost as long as the painful ride home from the funeral. The service was beautiful, but nothing was going to make me stop crying. I was waiting for him to come and tell me to stop, but he didnt. He went up to his room without a word. I remember looking around at all my relatives as they flooded my house with stories about my Granny. I didnt hear a word they said. I was in my own world ... and it was shattered. It was bad enough that I lost my Mom and my Pap both at one time. Even then, I had my Granny to help me through it. But now ... what did I have? My Dad didnt even want me to cry. I shook uncontrollably as I pondered what my life was about to become and as soon as it dawned on me that Id never see her smiling face cooking breakfast like I had every other morning of my life; something in me snapped. I felt like the whole world had ganged up on me. I never cried about her after that day. In fact ... I didnt cry again until the day my father died.
O.K., There was one other time, but Im getting to that ...
That summer, after my Granny left us, my father and I worked on the farm twelve to fifteen hours a day. He was different and so was I. I tried to make him happy and do everything he told me; but it seemed he was never satisfied. I remember going to bed filled with frustration many times that summer. I dont think either of us realized how frustrated we both were and how much we were missing our family. Like father, like son ... I doubt either of us would have admitted it. Still, I felt hopeless. I felt like my Dad was taking his frustration out on me. I even told him one afternoon, in the middle of one of our arguments, that he should have taught me how to run the equipment sooner. That way, I could have been more help. He just looked at me and shook his head. I was too young to understand ... he was too old to make the best of the situation and have some patience.
At the end of the summer, he and I were sitting at the table eating dinner. I was thinking about how much I missed my Grannys cooking when he asked me what time it was. I looked into the living room at the huge Grandfather clock that stood between the fireplace and my Grannys old organ. As I turned back to tell him what time it was, I had a flash of my Granny looking at my Paps pocket watch. My heart fluttered.
I looked at my Dad and he at me. He must have noticed the strange look on my face as I looked at him. I was trying to sum up my words. What? Was all he said. I bit my lip, gathered up my courage and popped the question ... Dad, whatever happened to Papaws pocket watch? His face grew puzzled. He looked down at the table and shook his head. You know, come to think of it ... I dont know. My heart sank. His promise that the watch would be his before it was mine replayed in my head. My teeth gritted. I just knew he had that watch. I stared him down. You mean you dont know where it is? He looked at his half empty plate.
No son, I dont. He moved his peas around with his fork then raised his eyes up to mine ...
Well look around for it after dinner.
I knew he was lying ... and I knew we would never find that watch.
I was right ... Mostly ... But Ill get to that too. We looked all through her room and then the rest of the house. We even looked in the car. I told him it was in her apron when she went to bed that night. He said, Well, its not in there now, I washed that apron and put it away a long time ago. Again, my teeth gritted. I hated him at that moment. I was sure that he had that watch ... My watch. I screamed at him that I knew he had it. I told him it was mine fair and square ... my Granny told me I could have it and that he had no right to keep it from me. I ran out of the house, jumped on my bike and rode all the way down to the railroad crossing. I didnt cry though. I was too mad to cry. I sat at that crossing until I started to fall asleep. I was hoping a train would come. I could jump on it and just leave this place forever. My Dad, the farm, the corn, the chickens ... everything. I thought I could join the circus or maybe go into the Army like my Papaw did when he was fifteen. I listened to the wind blow through the rows of corn and the barbed-wire fences that were all around me. I looked up and down the tracks, finally putting my ear to the rail ... Nothing.
After the moon started to set, I thought about my Dad getting worried. Good! I thought. Let him worry; He doesnt care about my feelings! I didnt want to leave anyway; Id never seen the moon so big and so beautiful. Listening to the wind some more, I felt my eyelids start getting heavy. The ride home wore me out. I climbed up into the cab of the combine and fell asleep. A few hours later I woke to the sound of my Dads voice; he was calling for me. I jumped up and opened the cab door, calling back to him. He slammed the barn door and chewed me up one side and down the other. He told me that I was grounded until my first report cards came out. That reminded me that school was about to start and my life was going to get even more complicated than it had ever been before. It was more than I could bear.
The second week of school, I got on a friends bus instead of my own and went to his house on the other side of the county. I stayed in his barn for almost two weeks, but it was starting to get cool at night. I knew that it wouldnt be too long before it would be too cold at night to stay there. Besides, soon his parents would start their harvest of hay and my safe hiding place wouldnt be so safe. One day, before his parents came home from town; he gave me his backpack filled with sandwiches and a blanket. I left his house and started heading south. I was going to go to Saint-Louis to try and join the Army.
I had only made it about a mile and a half down the road when a policeman pulled up behind me and figured out that I was a runaway. He took me home and my father thanked him and then looked at me with a disappointed pain. I ran to my room before he could say a word.
I hated my life ...
I hated how my Dad was acting. Hed never treated me like this before my Granny died ...
I missed my Mom ... My Papaw ... My Granny.
I wanted that watch.
I wanted things to be the way they used to be.
I wanted my Mom to take me to school.
I wanted my Pap to teach me how to build a fly lure.
I wanted my Dad to finish my combine driving lessons ... but more than anything else ...
I wanted my Granny to cook me breakfast ...
I wanted to sit on the porch while she played her organ and sang until the dogs howled. The frustration filled my belly like hardening cement.
My Dad didnt speak to me for days ... weeks. I watched out my window as he and a few of my uncles began harvesting the corn. I wanted to help, but when I told him so ... he looked at me shaking his head. I swore he had tears in his eyes ... but he never cried ... not my Dad. No, no you dont, Son Was all he said. I watched him as he turned away and went out to the barn. Soon, all the corn would be harvested and he would have to go to market for at least three days to sell his crop. Someone would have to stay behind and take care of the animals ... I knew who was going to get that job. I started to think out a plan. I could run away again. But this time, I could get my stuff together, practice my driving and then take off in the car before he came back. I could surely make it to Saint-Louis that way. I could call him and tell him about the Army. He could come and get the car. Everyone would be happy. At least thats how I saw it.
The day my father left for market, the winter was beginning to show its ugly head. The wind was blowing strong and steady. They left early so that they could take their time and so that none of the trucks would get blown off of the road. He and two of my uncles looked at the sky and wondered how long it would take them to get to the farmers market. I looked at the sky and wondered how long I was going to have to practice my driving. As soon as I saw the last truck become a dot on the horizon, I ran out onto the porch. A giant bolt of lightning blinded me and the following crack of thunder scared me half out of my wits. I ran back into the kitchen and leaned against the counter. It was getting darker by the minute. I heard the first few drops of rain hitting the window and my tummy was rumbling like the thunder that was passing over the fields of my familys farm.
After I made a can of soup, I went into the living room and fell asleep to the sound of the rain. When I woke up, I took my bowl into the kitchen. I dropped it in the sink and reached for the dish soap. My Dad and my uncles had left a few dishes after their lunch. I figured Id do them and then go to bed. Just as I got the water temperature right and plugged up the sink; the lights flickered once and then went out. I rolled my eyes and ran down to change the fuse. It was the last one in the box. I shook the box and looked around my Paps bench. There, on the top shelf, was an old box of fuses. They looked to be as old as my Pap. As I ran back up to my dishes, I wondered if they were any good. I would find out soon enough ...
For the next two days, as soon as the chores were done, I would take the car out and drive it around the farm. I was getting pretty good and by the end of the second day, I wasnt stalling out on my take-offs and I was doing really good about keeping it in the middle of the road.Backing up was a little more difficult since I couldnt see very well over the huge seat of the old Dodge. I figured that as long as I didnt have to back up on the way to Saint-Louis, Id be all right. Soon, I thought, I would be leaving this all behind.

I was sitting in the kitchen, waiting on my Dads nightly call when the lights began flickering to the ever rising wind outside the window. My Dad had said hed be home tomorrow morning. They were supposed to leave tonight, but there was a big storm heading through, with the possibility for hail. When he called, he told me to make sure the animals were put up and to close the storm shutters. He said that they would leave in the morning and be back home by supper. I remember thinking He doesnt even care if Im all right, he just wants his blessed animals put up and his stupid farmhouse closed up. I couldnt wait to leave the next morning. I fell into a daydream of shooting machine guns, throwing hand grenades and getting a tattoo.
I started cutting a loaf of bread for sandwiches. I was trying to figure out how many I would need for my trip when the flickering lights turned to darkness ... another fuse. The wind was howling something fierce. I could hear the big elm outside the front porch brushing against the house. The last time I had heard that, a tornado blew away our neighbors whole barn. I had listened to the radio while I ate my dinner, but they didnt give a tornado warning, just a report of strong wind and rain coming in from the west. I sighed, thought about my sandwiches and headed for the basement. When I picked up the empty box ... I shook it and remembered. Now, I wished I had brought the flashlight.
I felt across the dusty, wood chip covered bench and up the wall. My fingertips found the old box of fuses. I pulled it down and held it against my belly with one hand while I dug around in it with the other. Too young and stubborn to go grab the flashlight, I hoped the one that I picked out was not only the right size, but that it worked at all. I set down the box, pulled the old fuse and screwed in the one from the old box. The light in the basement flickered and my face was covered with a triumphant smile ... for a moment.
The basement was filled with an almost eerie glow.
Instead of the usual blinding brightness of the sixty-watt bulb, I was standing in a dim, orange light.
I let out a sigh of disappointment, thinking that I had installed either a bad fuse or one that was too weak.
I turned to start looking through the box for another one when a chill went straight up my spine.
My eyes, first open as big as silver dollars, then blinking in disbelief, gazed across the now pristine workbench. I looked on the floor for the wood chips ... nothing.
It was spic-and-span clean.
The floor looked, even smelled like it had just been painted. I bent over and looked under the bench.
Where there had once been a bin full of dirty, rusted carving and cutting tools thrown in total disarray ... there were now just a few tools ... all new ... and totally laid out in order.
I stood up and looked around the basement. I started to shake. I still couldn't believe my eyes.
The whole basement was clean. There were no cobwebs ... I couldnt even smell the mildew that sometimes was so strong that it could make me sneeze.
The shelves where my Granny kept her homemade pickles and jams looked as spiffy as a shelf in Brusters market. I walked over and picked up one of my favorites ... it was marked Grape Jam. I caressed her handwriting on the white tape with my fingertips and I swear the jar felt like it was still warm. I was shaking my head in disbelief when my already strange experience became even stranger.
From upstairs, through the floorboards and joists that my Dad and my Pap had hand built and nailed into place all by them selves ... it came ...
The sound ...
It drifted down over my body like one of my Grannys handmade quilts ...
The sound ...
The sound that had soothed me since I could remember ... was now making the hair on my arms and neck stand straight up, like a stalk of corn after a day of hard rain.
I listened for a few more moments ... it couldnt be ... it just couldnt be ...
I looked up at the floor above me ... and shivered.
Upstairs ...
I could hear my Grannys organ ...
At first, I thought maybe my Dad and my uncles were home ... and that they were playing a trick on me.
I started to laugh at myself ... but only for a moment.
The next thing I heard spun my mind into a tornado of confusion ...
As I listened, my lips instinctively began to sing along ...
It was my Granny ... singing Onward Christian Soldiers.
For a moment ... I was scared.
But almost like my Granny was reassuring me with her voice, the fear fled my soul. I kept singing with her.

I thought for a moment that maybe I had shocked myself to death while I was changing the fuse ...
Or that maybe I had fallen asleep in the kitchen while I waited for my Dad to call. I looked around the basement again ... still bathed in the weird, orange glow.
The music stopped for a minute ... and so did my heart. I jumped up and listened with all my might.
The light flickered for a moment and I swore I could hear my Pap grumbling from the kitchen. I put the nail from my thumb in my mouth, bit in and tore a piece of it right off. I spit it to the floor. I wiped my sweaty palms on my shirt, took a deep breath and headed toward the steps. As I got to the bottom of the steps, the sounds of the organ drifted down to me once again. Before I got to the top of the steps, she was singing ... again.
I sang along ... again.
Yes ... Jesus loves me ... Yes ... Jesus loves me ... Yes ... Jesus loves me ... The bible tells me so.
When I got to the top of the stairs, the entryway seemed to be lit by the same dim light as the basement.
I took slow, short steps toward the front door. When I looked around I almost felt like I was lost.
The paint on the walls was different. It was green ... my Grannys favorite color.
The old carpet at the front door was new. The knob of the front door was also shiny and new.
As I stepped on the carpet, I looked to my left into the kitchen ... My mouth fell open ...
There was my Papaw ... taking cookies out of the oven with a big grin. They smelled incredible.
I was about to go and have one of the fresh warm treats with him when the music stopped ...
I spun around to look into the living room.
Now I knew what treasure hunters felt like when they found some old pirates buried loot ...
This had to be that feeling.
I wanted to scream and just run to her ...
But my legs ... and my voice ... were frozen.
It wasnt fear ... I dont know what it was ...
I just couldnt move ...
I watched as my Granny grabbed the cane I had so lovingly carved for her and then slowly spun around on her organ bench. She smiled at me and suddenly a calmness fell over me that made me feel like I had just woke up from a long, refreshing sleep. She leaned the cane on the bench and patted her lap. I knew just what that meant. The smile on my face as I crossed that floor to sit on her lap went from one ear to the other. As I climbed up there, she squeezed me so tight I almost cried with joy. I squeezed her too and I didnt want to let go.
She gently wriggled my arms from around her and then her eyes found mine ...
Hello Sweetie ... you look good ... really good. Yer a growin like weed
I miss you Granny Was all I could say ...
Well we miss you to, Deary.
I squeezed her again ... She rubbed my back like she used to do when she tucked me in and put me to sleep. I closed my eyes and felt a tear of joy run down my cheek. She let go of me again and I leaned back.
She was holding me out almost at arms length.
Jefferson ... Honey ... I needed you to come here so we could talk.
I was nodding my head and she smiled at me. The light in the entrance hall flickered with the wind that was still howling from the storm outside. She bit her bottom lip as her thumbs caressed my biceps.
Jefferson ... yer a big boy now ... an I know you can understand what Im a gonna say to ya ...
I was still nodding.
... You know how our lights is always a flickerin?
Yes, Granny?
Well, youve lived with that all your life ... You know, most everybody elses lights dont do that.
I know Granny.
But you run down and change them fuses or climb up on a chair to change a bulb like it was nothin.
I know Granny ... but it has to be done if we wanna see. She smiled at my statement and nodded her head as she continued. Thats right, but you dont complain ... or rant and rave that its unfair that you got ta do that ... you just do it. Ive watched ya and it makes me real proud.
I was grinning.
Thanks Granny, I love to make you proud. She pulled me in for another hug as she spoke.
Well, you do ... every day ... you do. But thats not why I needed to see you tonight.
She leaned back again and looked at me with that proud smile that so warmed my soul.
And Im proud of you too, Granny ... You never complain about your leg ... even when its cold.
She had big tears in her eyes ... it made me cry too.
Thats right Honey, we all have some kinda bum leg we have to live with ... you understand?
I told her that I did ... even though at that moment I dont think I did ... completely.
You see life aint always fair ... and life aint always fun ... And sometimes, it can hand you a bum leg. And whether its a bum leg of electricity or your own bum leg, you just have to live with it. But if you go around makin everybody miserable just because you aint happy, well then everybodys miserable ... Sometimes you have to just bite yer lip and go on ... you see?
I knew just what she meant. I was miserable ... And so was my Dad.
We were making each other miserable.
Yer Daddy loves you so very much ...
My eyes widened as I interrupted her. He does not! I took a trembling breath as I finished.
He took Papaws watch and he wont give it to me ... I told him you said I could have it ... but he says he dont know where it is. As I spoke, she was shaking her head with tears streaming down her face.
Those tears broke my heart.
No Honey ... he doesnt know where it is. You remember that night you helped me up the stairs?
Yes, Maam.
Well, that night I was feelin a little sickly ... I was worried my time was near. I wrote you a note and wrapped it around the watch, then I put it in my windowsill. I looked at her rather puzzled. She grinned with a strange smile. Its my secret spot were I hide things from yer Papaw and yer Daddy.
She leaned in close and whispered a secret. Every woman has a secret hidin spot like that.
She winked with her index finger over her lips and I just smirked.
Well ... I put it in there and I went to sleep. The good Lord called me home that night and I didnt have a chance to give you the watch ... You see?
Again I was nodding.
... Yer Daddy had no way of knowin where it was.
I didnt know what to say ... Just then, the lights in the kitchen went out. I could hear my Pap cursing under his breath. My Granny told him since his glasses were upstairs that she would go down and change the fuse. She looked at me and then winked again.
Honey, Im so glad we could talk ... I need you to remember that you and yer Daddy are all you got ... you gotta look after one another ... No matter what life a tosses ya.
I know Granny, its just so hard sometimes ...
I know it is Dear, but you gotta take it as it comes ... good and bad.
Youre right. I said.
Well Honey, you have to run along and change that fuse now ...
My heart sank ... I knew shed be gone when I came back ...
I began to shake my head and pulled her in as close as I could.
Tears were streaming down my cheeks.
No Granny ... I dont want to leave you ...
She eased me back so that she could look into my eyes again.
No Honey ... you never leave me ... She put her palm on her chest.
... Yer always right here ... in my heart ... You and yer Daddy
I told her that she was in my heart too. She bit her lip and lovingly nodded.
If anything Jefferson ... I feel like I left you ... and yer Daddy.
I was shaking my head as I spoke.
No Granny ... you didnt leave us ... it was your time ... thats life.
You see? Her face was beaming with pride again.
You do understand.
She pulled me in close for one last hug and kissed my forehead and my nose. Now run along and change that fuse fer yer Papaw ... and dont you go a forgittin what I said ... you and yer Daddy is all ya got ...
I kissed her cheek and turned to walk back to the basement. As I did, she began playing again ...
When I got to the workbench I picked up the box of fuses and fished one out. I was wiping my tears on my sleeve as I sang one of my favorite songs along with her for one last time ...
This little light of mine ... Im gonna let it shine ... Let it shine ... Let it shine ... Let it shine.
I screwed in the fuse and the basement was bright as all get out. I listened for the sound I knew I wouldnt hear. I sneezed at the pungent mildew and dust that filled the air. The wood chips under my boots crackled as I made my way to the stairs. I stepped into the entry hall and looked at the dingy carpet and doorknob. The wind was still blowing pretty hard outside, but the lights seemed to be holding steady.
I headed into the living room and stopped just past the archway. I stared at her organ. The cover was closed and her cane was leaning against the bench. I walked over and sat on it. I swore I could smell her ... Not her perfume ... Just her.
Closing my eyes, I listened to her words over and over again in my head. The fire was growing a little dim, so I went over and put another piece of wood on it, then I plopped on the couch and listened to the wind and the rain. The next thing I knew, it was morning; I was waking up to the rooster crowing and my Dad coming through the door ...
I jumped up and ran to him. I threw my arms around him and squeezed with all my might ...
Well ... its good to see you too son ... surprised ya did we?
I let him go and looked up nodding. We couldnt find a motel with an open room nowhere ... so we just drove all night and came on home. He said. I smiled at him and he slowly smiled back. I think he was a little surprised at my actions. I thought about my visit with my Granny ... and how I was going to tell my Dad about it. I told him I missed him while he was gone and that I was real sorry for the way Id been acting.
To my surprise, he told me that he was sorry too. Not often you heard those kind of words from my Dad. I told him that Granny came to me in a dream and that she had told me where the watch was. He looked at me like I was crazy.
You still asleep boy?
I assured him that I wasnt and took his hand to lead him up the stairs to my Grannys room. When we walked in the room, we both went silent. The reverence that came over us as we looked around at her things wasnt measurable. Here ... were all the earthly possessions of a person that meant so much to the both of us. The only thing I can compare it to is the feeling you get when you walk into a big empty church. The rich light from the rising sun just made it seem even holier. I squeezed his hand and silently led him over to the window. He was still looking at me like he thought I was asleep.
Daddy, did you know that Granny hid things in her windowsill?
No, Son ... I didnt.
I reached down and began tugging and pulling every which way on the thin wooden sill. Suddenly, the front lifted up and there ... in a little hollow tray in the wall, was my Grannys little hiding spot. My Dads eyes opened wide as we both looked down at the little wad of paper that sat in the middle of the tray. He looked down at me with a strange look on his face. How did you find this, son? I knew what he meant ... He thought I was snooping while he was gone.
I didnt Dad ... I swear ... She told me in my dream where it was. She told me that we need to quit fighting and stick together cause were all we got. I felt like I was lying, but hed never believe that Id actually seen her ... I wasnt totally sure I believed it.He reached down in slow motion and picked up the paper. He bounced it lightly in his hand, feeling the weight. With his other hand he opened the paper and the sun glinting off of its shiny gold casing hit us both in the eyes. He pulled it out of the paper and then read what she had written inside. He smiled as he did and then handed the watch to me.
Whats it say Dad? I asked him.
He looked at it again and then smiled at me as he read it out loud.
It said simply, As promised. Love, Granny
He folded the note and put it in his shirt pocket, then ruffled up my hair and told me that Id better take really good care of the heirloom. He promised that hed take real good care of the note.
I did take good care of that watch ... as a matter of fact, as of this writing, its in my pocket keeping perfect time. Im going to give it to my son this Christmas... I just cant wait.
He has told me that hes wanted it ever since the day that I taught him how to tell time on it when he was just a little boy. Id love to see him teach my grandson how to tell time on it. I fear sometimes in this day and age that tradition is becoming a lost practice.
Who knows, maybe Ill pass this story along to him as well.
My Dad and I never fought again ... well, not about anything that was of any consequence anyway.
He was called home by the Lord thirty-one years later in the spring of sixty-eight. A few years after that, I found the note tucked away in his old desk. It looked to me as though he had opened it up and refolded it many times through the years ... We never really spoke too much of my experience after it happened. But, by the condition of the note, Im pretty sure that he thought about it as often as I did.
Well, thats my story and Im sticking to it. I have never forgotten about those precious moments that I shared with my Granny ... Or the wisdom that she led me to on that windy fall evening.
The Power Company eventually found the source of our farms bum leg ...
But... I have never found my wifes Secret hidin spot.
Jefferson Royal Robles
Sweet Silk Farms, Iowa
September 16th, 1978
all my life, i have waited for promises.
she left, he left,
they dissipated with ease,
smoke fading into the morning air
i have learned to stand
on my own two feet,
a little unsteady &amp;
a little unsure, but
im still here after
trying not to be.
swallowed poison, spit food
from my stomach, sharpened
blades against my skin.
&amp; here i am.
isnt it beautiful?
isnt the world worth
staying a little longer for?
now, i know enough not
to threaten myself with
certain oblivion.that i will not
be another sad story.that
there are somewheres i have
never travelled, sex that must
be had, faces i have not yet
split into smiles with my own.
&amp; i dont quite know who i am,
no certainty nor sureness, but
im ready for the good to come.
&amp; now theres you &amp; i dont think
ive wanted this badly.me, im on the verge
of becoming the best of myself &amp;
then theres you.give me your forever &amp;
ill kiss you every morning.give me your forever
&amp; ill never regret a thing.give me your
forever &amp; i will go until no end
to love you for the rest
of your days.
im sorry to sound so confessional but
after trying to sink these feelings to
the bottom of the seabed, i learned
that words float.you are not a shipwreck
waiting to happen.you are mine
&amp; i am yours &amp;
lets just see
what sort
of world
we are
as one.
At the hour of the dawn
When the sailors have gone
And the ship is standing
To be taken
And the cold singing breeze
Sings its changes to the seas
And the song will never
Be forsaken
But the change that has come
Will never stay here at home
And the sailors will leave
In the morning
And the girls will just cry
When the songs have passed them by
And the breezell cease to try
To be pleasing
And the curvy horns of time
Will surely always deny
That there were branches to
The girls soft feelings
And the trees will just swing
Every morning again
Waiting for the change
To be coming
But the old men will rot
And young be forgot
And nothing will change
In the end
The same hour shall strike
Everyday every night
And naturell be whimpering
And moaning
Calling to proceed
To pay some more heed
To the pain of the innocent
Thatre falling
The swift sea has changed
And the feeling disarranged
And songs no more mean
The same meanings
Like a hound that moves
As it looks at the moon
And the moon pretty
Just keeps smiling
And the hound then howls
Its deep lamenting growls
To night and its forgotten
Promises
And at the side of the dawn
When the pirates are alone
With their smiles and their scars
And their singing
And their cheer shall be heard
To the wind and the birds
And the air in celebration
Cheering
For nothing is lost
When happiness the cost
And happiness the prize
In winning.
The girls will dance again
To the tune of the rain
And their dresses shall flow
Like silver
With soft shining eyes
And their innocent surprise
And their bodies moving
And swaying
Like gods they shall rush
Away from the hush
And remember the dawn
With laughter
Once that the hound
And the pirates have calmed
And the girls have ceased
Their chatter
And tired they shall sleep
On their beds in a heap
Free from all thoughts
Of slumber
And the wind and the dawn
Shall pass on and on
And wait again for the
Cheering
When the pirates shall return
And surprise everyone
With their smiles and their scars
And their singing
[Thats it!]
( Sonnet )*
I once caught you naked by the sea,
No one noticed, such noble shyness,
Invited to worlds, aloof as sun breeze,
Of purple sands, heathered highness.
In novae of your eyes was shipwreck,
Forlorn beacon chiding the weary lost
Of new worlds lumbered on the decks,
Seabirds caroled up wing, heavens' loft.
Skin, fleshy of netted eel, salt and foam,
Was hide for a brigand, lubbers sessions,
Sheered by sheen, blinding sky of gloam,
Stars runged on their draped processions.
My seal, now fate, cloak within jubilance;
Coral sea wave, slips under moon dance.
She doesn't aim to kill
She rather puncture, amputate, deform
She's never done spinning her web
Even when you're paralyzed
She magnifies her lies
And calls it transformation
Convincing others you're a burden
Who needs to be put out of her misery
She doesn't believe in raising the dead
But she's an expert in lowering the living
The sudden best friend who keeps her enemies closer-
(An angel with no motives is a demon in disguise)
She's dancing and singing in my opera of horror
She's happy to play the part
She's waiting for my lavish palace of wonder
To turn into a grotesque carnival of mirrors
As underneath those China eyes and pirate smile
Hides a latrodectus blackbird-
Leaving her venom and sucking your essence
So she can fly
So don't be fooled by the lack of red-
She keeps the hourglass in her head
She's in the business of changing names
Passing to you the hysterics of Jane
(Claire, I can't find you in there)
Thriving on your denial
Creative only in deception
She'll put your footprints on a devil's pact
And call it her reception
True as any fallen black wing
She only shows herself in shadows
The little, rogue, blood-thirsty fiend
Loves to get her hands dirty in private
But while she drinks from the cup of others' sorrows
Thinking she has lightning in a bottle
She may forget that one of these tomorrows
Her beloved beast will turn on her
Living in her kingdom of jewels
She would've gotten away unscathed
Pity, the infrastructure wasn't infused
With wisdom-
The charmer of limbs will fall
(Silly girl,
Robots aren't sacred)
If I were a picture, youd be the color.
If I were a spy, youd be my cover.
If I were a puzzle, youd be the pieces.
If I were an office space, youd be my leases.
If I were a book, youd be all the pages.
If I were a recovering alcoholic, youd be my stages.
If I were a year, youd be my days.
If I were a pot, youd be my glaze.
If I were a chord, youd be my notes.
If I were a dock, youd be my boats.
If I were a comedian, youd be my jokes.
If I were an infomercial, you be the hoax.
If I were a guitar, youd be my strings.
If I were a hoarder, youd be my things.
If I were a pirate, youd be my crew.
If I were a detective, youd be the clue.
If I were a door, youd be the hinges.
If I were a bootleg DVD, youd be the copyright infringement.
If I were a record, youd be my tunes.
If I were a desert, youd be my dunes.
If I were a mental patient, youd be my meds.
If I were Jamaican, youd be my dreads.
If I were a wizard, youd be my wand.
If I were a frog, youd be my pond.
If I were a cheerleader, youd be my pom-poms.
If I a drum set, youd be my tom-toms.
If I were a train, youd be my stations.
If I were an employee, youd be my paid vacations.
If I were a burglar, youd be the home.
If I were a hairstylist, youd be the comb.
If I were a mummy, youd be the sarcophagus.
If I were a digestive tract, youd be the esophagus.
If I were cottage cheese, youd be my curds.
If I were an Alfred Hitchcock movie, youd be The Birds.
If I were a jacket, youd be my zipper.
If I were a whale, youd be my flippers.
And if I were a writer with any talent for prose,
You'd be the poem I love most.
"Come away"
The ever-young boy says,
"To a world of fantasy,
Of glittering rainbows
And a smiling sun.
Where flowers are in constant bloom
And night is filled with starlight.
Where there are lagoons filled
With ever-playful mermaids,
Where there are pirates
By the shores
And also Indians
Dancing around bonfires.
Where children play the adults,
Though still children they remain,
Forever caught
In an endless game of make-believe."
"Take me there"
I tell the boy
Who seems to be made of sunshine.
"Teach me to ride the wind
And away we'll go
To that faraway, enchanted place,
Second star to the right
And straight on til morning.
To the land
Of forever spring
Where age is timeless
Youth eternal."
"Rake"
I rake a pirate measure to my
whispers blooming mind
Fresh sprung to consciousness
fertile ego wind
Martin Narrodjust now
I started working on a comment in response to "Filling A Bottle With A Tundish"
Sadly I must admit, that even for an American with a college degree, who is a self-proclaimed non-Philistine that grew up in a suburb of Chicago, IL. Where I'm from I've been told is much like some parts of Sussex(I believe it's Sussex), my friend Lili Wilde described it to me on an occasion.
So I must say martin, that for having a voracious appetite for language, language of all sorts, from quim to sin, to cinephile to cynosure, pulchritude to tup, exsuphlocate to masticate, irate, irk, perfervid, wan ewes thwapping their tails, nearly stridulating like the cricket in the thistle. The advanced undulate troche of domesticated shadows, and the sesquipedelien dulciloquent surreptitious diction and other floccinaucinihilipilification and tomfoolery about.
martin, please do tell me what a 'Tundish" is? If you haven't yet, there is a phenomenally interesting reverse dictionary, entitled onelook.com/reversedictionary , and quite contrary as it may seem, and for all the Virginia &amp; Leonard Woolf I enjoy reading, especially his somewhat innocuously underrated novella he wrote, I also read with extraordinary gratitude Ted Hughes's The Birthday Letters, Take of a Bride Groom, The Complete Works, Sylvia Plath's Unabridged Journals, Ariel, Johnny Panic, Ariel, and other poems by writer Richard Matthews. I am still unfamiliar with this word, Tundish. Online dictionaries don't give the best explanation.
As I was mentioning earlier. The OneLook Dictionary-Reverse, will let you for example, search: beach sand. And in response it will give you up to thousands and thousands of word which relate to those two words, together, seperately, and opposing each other. Such as: water, swell, wave, arenose, peat, dirt, seagull, Pacific Ocean, suntan, bikini, The Beach Boys, vitrify. It's very fun indeed. From one Martin to another, I hope you'll stay in touch. I'm excited about your work!
Best Regards
Martin
P.S. The text below is the original message I typed before learning that my presumptions of you being Anglican were correct. Have a great day!
Another Martin, YES! How exquisite, I've never met another one. I have so many questions I barely know where to start. I love marigolds, nose-bags with oats, and as I started feeling the essences if equus and what lurking prurient pedagogy for the didactic zoology that took me and the mind of me to wonder perhaps if though I am quite certain(though not 100%) that your native tongue is English, but using that ridiculous skill-set of immense benality I seem to someone have, am I wrong for asking dear Martin, are you from Scotland or Wales, or maybe even from a country where you learnt English as a native tongue but it's your secondary language?
As aforementioned, there are a plethora of questions that this runnel of sludge and dross that've now arisen in the turpidity of your antiquary of delightful speech. To whomever invited me to play along in the debauchery, and dance merrily with merriment, mine younger docile succubus's slendering beside me, puking up their tissue paper and vegetable soup, so that my pretty girls can fit into Size 2 TuTu's, and learnedly imprison themselves into the tatterdemalion of portentously lurid self-sodomy and abuse. , and the opprobrious trollop-gossip the gaggle of my skinny victim women eschewing food groups, in order to appeal to my conservative eyes, thrice the child's wild idling to absorb the rancor of their stoic and noisome sedentary lifestyle in the polluted sudatorium that I myself don't use, but that these nonparticular Philistines would serve as Surf &amp; Turf with glazed Christmas Hams for the Hebrews to eat, and another sad storm surge on another deserted quay of sea sands, and our vessel and our deserters, worshipping the Virunga, sacrificing the ghost skeletons of the million year old ape. So I ask you. If even you're capable of expressing yourself under the maddening yet advesperating evening listening to Miles Kane and The Arctic Monkeys, followed by listening to Black Sabbath play Fairies Wear Boots while we drink our childhoods free of the rod and fuck the war out of our teenage girlfriends. And in the morning when awoken by the sound of Sopwith Camels arriving on the early, frost-strewn milky, azure-banded stripes of moonlit ecstasy that make for this unquantifiable gesture of succinct believers driving in Summer get stopped for blowing a rice-white swiveling consortium of dishonest affair rivaling sexual addicts, with hummus, plastic bags, and forks in their sphincters, while they autoerotically asphyxiate themselves in a plastic knockoff Mickey Mouse hat, and a Pirates of the Carribbean bandana wrapped around the dopey eyed nightmare of having unsuccessfully sedated a 400-lb crabby, Lowland living-room Silverback Gorilla. More than a primate and a prostate exam. It's like posthumously straining to push tingling 119 Vaseline through the grey and white coffee stirrers which spilled all over the floor while I was saying goodbye to our daughter, while also explaining to you why it's so important to me you love me back enough so that everyone has enough of a grasping glint at understanding yourself, that in managing to reason the arithmetic of such a conundrum and confusing calamity, a phone call free of dial tone happens to be surrendered to an independent Christian organization of the state while myself and my wife's two sons, our sons, Thomas and James, have enough free time from complaining to hire an attorney to disclose the arraignment reiterated by both legal council, city council, and the Screenwriters Guild of counsellors struggling from methamphetamine addiction.
Peace Be With You.
Martin Narrod
martin.narrod@gmail.com
the loneliness of a shipwreck
cold deep waves inside
doesn't anyone in the news
everything remained on the surface
I'm a shipwreck
Not a traditional wreck
No I'm shipwrecked on the beach
My lungs are full of sand
The sun is burning my eyes
I can't see the world around me
I don't want to go down with this fucking ship
when misfortune tries to shipwreck my future and i'm enslaved by chains of doubt,youreach out a gentle loving hand to me and suddenly itsso very clear what this gift of love is, is all about.when fearwith deadly hands, slowly chokes life out of dreams, and I want to stay in bed, with the covers over head.strength that was inside leaks in a run like a fleeting bride,your love recaptures it all.when wide eyed unrest disturbs the street of my familiar, this happens each time you are not near ,and I hear the music skip in an uneven beat,than your hungry armscircle around meand the touchis a gentle fire.
When you set out on your journey
To traverse in seas unknown,
You will meet a set of characters
Who will test you to the bone:
You will hear such glorious voices
From the waters of below
Only stoop a bit, to glimpse of
The few sirens that lay low
With a wonder, you may doubt that
You have witnessed great beauty
The many scales they've fought to hide
Will in time, reveal so clearly
You will come across sea merchants
Who'll speak lengthy promises
Don't accept their words too quickly
Or their small venom doses
Gold to the eye, sweet to the tongue,
Their words drip like bee's honey
Yet to the thirst you've long to fill
So unquenchably sticky
When you find some shipwrecked sailors
Who are also lost at sea
Take them on board and you'll find that
They become your best mate-y
Keep them close, take good care of them
You will need them near the end
When you hit that last tidal wave
And your ship's about to bend
You will come by some sea pirates
Who will win you like a friend
When the seas get rough and rowdy
To you they will all depend
Don't believe their charming banter
They will empty up your lot
And then leave you stranded, lifeless,
Just to steal your golden spot
If you find a distant lighthouse
Do not fear to get too close
There you'll find such rare occasions
And gain gold you can't dispose
They will make you see the wonder
Of the smallness of your ship
And narrate those distant countries
For your never-ending trip
When you set out on your journey
To traverse in seas unknown,
You will sail through different waters
That will test you to the bone:
You will face a wave of troubles
That may come at an instant
Hold the ropes and brace the weather
Sunshine won't be too distant
Don't be too blinded by the rain
Don't get swept away by wind
For your greatest battle to face
Is not the outside, but in
Always remember your compass
For it knows you more them
It will guard your own sanity
Like a vault of precious gems
Don't believe them when they tell you
To exchange your own for theirs
You will lose your soul on the way
In search of approving heirs
At times you will sail still waters
But in these don't be deceived
For they come in strange intervals
In small bursts to be received
Do not chase after such waters
Those who did had died at sea
Not a name to be remembered
Nor a real captain to thee
Above all else, remember this--
When you land in shores uncertain
When your mates have all disappeared
When your compass has been stolen
When the journey's worse than you feared
When you stare death right in the face
When sea monsters outnumber you
When nothing falls right into place
When there is nothing left to do
--Don't lose sight of the North Star
In the land and seas you roam
It's your constant, day and night
Until you have returned Home.
III. TO APOLLO (546 lines)
TO DELIAN APOLLO --
(ll. 1-18) I will remember and not be unmindful of Apollo who
shoots afar.As he goes through the house of Zeus, the gods
tremble before him and all spring up from their seats when he
draws near, as he bends his bright bow.But Leto alone stays by
the side of Zeus who delights in thunder; and then she unstrings
his bow, and closes his quiver, and takes his archery from his
strong shoulders in her hands and hangs them on a golden peg
against a pillar of his father's house.Then she leads him to a
seat and makes him sit: and the Father gives him nectar in a
golden cup welcoming his dear son, while the other gods make him
sit down there, and queenly Leto rejoices because she bare a
mighty son and an archer.Rejoice, blessed Leto, for you bare
glorious children, the lord Apollo and Artemis who delights in
arrows; her in Ortygia, and him in rocky Delos, as you rested
against the great mass of the Cynthian hill hard by a palm-tree
by the streams of Inopus.
(ll. 19-29) How, then, shall I sing of you who in all ways are a
worthy theme of song?For everywhere, O Phoebus, the whole range
of song is fallen to you, both over the mainland that rears
heifers and over the isles.All mountain-peaks and high
headlands of lofty hills and rivers flowing out to the deep and
beaches sloping seawards and havens of the sea are your delight.
Shall I sing how at the first Leto bare you to be the joy of men,
as she rested against Mount Cynthus in that rocky isle, in sea-
girt Delos -- while on either hand a dark wave rolled on
landwards driven by shrill winds -- whence arising you rule over
all mortal men?
(ll. 30-50) Among those who are in Crete, and in the township of
Athens, and in the isle of Aegina and Euboea, famous for ships,
in Aegae and Eiresiae and Peparethus near the sea, in Thracian
Athos and Pelion's towering heights and Thracian Samos and the
shady hills of Ida, in Scyros and Phocaea and the high hill of
Autocane and fair-lying Imbros and smouldering Lemnos and rich
Lesbos, home of Macar, the son of Aeolus, and Chios, brightest of
all the isles that lie in the sea, and craggy Mimas and the
heights of Corycus and gleaming Claros and the sheer hill of
Aesagea and watered Samos and the steep heights of Mycale, in
Miletus and Cos, the city of Meropian men, and steep Cnidos and
windy Carpathos, in Naxos and Paros and rocky Rhenaea -- so far
roamed Leto in travail with the god who shoots afar, to see if
any land would be willing to make a dwelling for her son.But
they greatly trembled and feared, and none, not even the richest
of them, dared receive Phoebus, until queenly Leto set foot on
Delos and uttered winged words and asked her:
(ll. 51-61) 'Delos, if you would be willing to be the abode of my
son "Phoebus Apollo and make him a rich temple --; for no other
will touch you, as you will find: and I think you will never be
rich in oxen and sheep, nor bear vintage nor yet produce plants
abundantly.But if you have the temple of far-shooting Apollo,
all men will bring you hecatombs and gather here, and incessant
savour of rich sacrifice will always arise, and you will feed
those who dwell in you from the hand of strangers; for truly your
own soil is not rich.'
(ll. 62-82) So spake Leto.And Delos rejoiced and answered and
said:'Leto, most glorious daughter of great Coeus, joyfully
would I receive your child the far-shooting lord; for it is all
too true that I am ill-spoken of among men, whereas thus I should
become very greatly honoured.But this saying I fear, and I will
not hide it from you, Leto.They say that Apollo will be one
that is very haughty and will greatly lord it among gods and men
all over the fruitful earth.Therefore, I greatly fear in heart
and spirit that as soon as he sets the light of the sun, he will
scorn this island -- for truly I have but a hard, rocky soil --
and overturn me and thrust me down with his feet in the depths of
the sea; then will the great ocean wash deep above my head for
ever, and he will go to another land such as will please him,
there to make his temple and wooded groves.So, many-footed
creatures of the sea will make their lairs in me and black seals
their dwellings undisturbed, because I lack people.Yet if you
will but dare to sware a great oath, goddess, that here first he
will build a glorious temple to be an oracle for men, then let
him afterwards make temples and wooded groves amongst all men;
for surely he will be greatly renowned.
(ll. 83-88) So said Delos.And Leto sware the great oath of the
gods: 'Now hear this, Earth and wide Heaven above, and dropping
water of Styx (this is the strongest and most awful oath for the
blessed gods), surely Phoebus shall have here his fragrant altar
and precinct, and you he shall honour above all.'
(ll. 89-101) Now when Leto had sworn and ended her oath, Delos
was very glad at the birth of the far-shooting lord.But Leto
was racked nine days and nine nights with pangs beyond wont.And
there were with her all the chiefest of the goddesses, Dione and
Rhea and Ichnaea and Themis and loud-moaning Amphitrite and the
other deathless goddesses save white-armed Hera, who sat in the
halls of cloud-gathering Zeus.Only Eilithyia, goddess of sore
travail, had not heard of Leto's trouble, for she sat on the top
of Olympus beneath golden clouds by white-armed Hera's
contriving, who kept her close through envy, because Leto with
the lovely tresses was soon to bear a son faultless and strong.
(ll. 102-114) But the goddesses sent out Iris from the well-set
isle to bring Eilithyia, promising her a great necklace strung
with golden threads, nine cubits long.And they bade Iris call
her aside from white-armed Hera, lest she might afterwards turn
her from coming with her words.When swift Iris, fleet of foot
as the wind, had heard all this, she set to run; and quickly
finishing all the distance she came to the home of the gods,
sheer Olympus, and forthwith called Eilithyia out from the hall
to the door and spoke winged words to her, telling her all as the
goddesses who dwell on Olympus had bidden her.So she moved the
heart of Eilithyia in her dear breast; and they went their way,
like shy wild-doves in their going.
(ll. 115-122) And as soon as Eilithyia the goddess of sore
travail set foot on Delos, the pains of birth seized Leto, and
she longed to bring forth; so she cast her arms about a palm tree
and kneeled on the soft meadow while the earth laughed for joy
beneath.Then the child leaped forth to the light, and all the
goddesses washed you purely and cleanly with sweet water, and
swathed you in a white garment of fine texture, new-woven, and
fastened a golden band about you.
(ll. 123-130) Now Leto did not give Apollo, bearer of the golden
blade, her breast; but Themis duly poured nectar and ambrosia
with her divine hands: and Leto was glad because she had borne a
strong son and an archer.But as soon as you had tasted that
divine heavenly food, O Phoebus, you could no longer then be held
by golden cords nor confined with bands, but all their ends were
undone.Forthwith Phoebus Apollo spoke out among the deathless
goddesses:
(ll. 131-132) 'The lyre and the curved bow shall ever be dear to
me, and I will declare to men the unfailing will of Zeus.'
(ll. 133-139) So said Phoebus, the long-haired god who shoots
afar and began to walk upon the wide-pathed earth; and all
goddesses were amazed at him.Then with gold all Delos was
laden, beholding the child of Zeus and Leto, for joy because the
god chose her above the islands and shore to make his dwelling in
her: and she loved him yet more in her heart, and blossomed as
does a mountain-top with woodland flowers.
(ll. 140-164) And you, O lord Apollo, god of the silver bow,
shooting afar, now walked on craggy Cynthus, and now kept
wandering about the island and the people in them.Many are your
temples and wooded groves, and all peaks and towering bluffs of
lofty mountains and rivers flowing to the sea are dear to you,
Phoebus, yet in Delos do you most delight your heart; for there
the long robed Ionians gather in your honour with their children
and shy wives: mindful, they delight you with boxing and dancing
and song, so often as they hold their gathering.A man would say
that they were deathless and unageing if he should then come upon
the Ionians so met together.For he would see the graces of them
all, and would be pleased in heart gazing at the men and well-
girded women with their swift ships and great wealth.And there
is this great wonder besides -- and its renown shall never perish
-- the girls of Delos, hand-maidens of the Far-shooter; for when
they have praised Apollo first, and also Leto and Artemis who
delights in arrows, they sing a strain-telling of men and women
of past days, and charm the tribes of men.Also they can imitate
the tongues of all men and their clattering speech: each would
say that he himself were singing, so close to truth is their
sweet song.
(ll. 165-178) And now may Apollo be favourable and Artemis; and
farewell all you maidens.Remember me in after time whenever any
one of men on earth, a stranger who has seen and suffered much,
comes here and asks of you: 'Whom think ye, girls, is the
sweetest singer that comes here, and in whom do you most
delight?'Then answer, each and all, with one voice: 'He is a
blind man, and dwells in rocky Chios: his lays are evermore
supreme.'As for me, I will carry your renown as far as I roam
over the earth to the well-placed this thing is true.And I will
never cease to praise far-shooting Apollo, god of the silver bow,
whom rich-haired Leto bare.
TO PYTHIAN APOLLO --
(ll. 179-181) O Lord, Lycia is yours and lovely Maeonia and
Miletus, charming city by the sea, but over wave-girt Delos you
greatly reign your own self.
(ll. 182-206) Leto's all-glorious son goes to rocky Pytho,
playing upon his hollow lyre, clad in divine, perfumed garments;
and at the touch of the golden key his lyre sings sweet.Thence,
swift as thought, he speeds from earth to Olympus, to the house
of Zeus, to join the gathering of the other gods: then
straightway the undying gods think only of the lyre and song, and
all the Muses together, voice sweetly answering voice, hymn the
unending gifts the gods enjoy and the sufferings of men, all that
they endure at the hands of the deathless gods, and how they live
witless and helpless and cannot find healing for death or defence
against old age.Meanwhile the rich-tressed Graces and cheerful
Seasons dance with Harmonia and Hebe and Aphrodite, daughter of
Zeus, holding each other by the wrist.And among them sings one,
not mean nor puny, but tall to look upon and enviable in mien,
Artemis who delights in arrows, sister of Apollo.Among them
sport Ares and the keen-eyed Slayer of Argus, while Apollo plays
his lyre stepping high and featly and a radiance shines around
him, the gleaming of his feet and close-woven vest.And they,
even gold-tressed Leto and wise Zeus, rejoice in their great
hearts as they watch their dear son playing among the undying
gods.
(ll. 207-228) How then shall I sing of you -- though in all ways
you are a worthy theme for song?Shall I sing of you as wooer
and in the fields of love, how you went wooing the daughter of
Azan along with god-like Ischys the son of well-horsed Elatius,
or with Phorbas sprung from Triops, or with Ereutheus, or with
Leucippus and the wife of Leucippus....
((LACUNA))
....you on foot, he with his chariot, yet he fell not short of
Triops.Or shall I sing how at the first you went about the
earth seeking a place of oracle for men, O far-shooting Apollo?
To Pieria first you went down from Olympus and passed by sandy
Lectus and Enienae and through the land of the Perrhaebi.Soon
you came to Iolcus and set foot on Cenaeum in Euboea, famed for
ships: you stood in the Lelantine plain, but it pleased not your
heart to make a temple there and wooded groves.From there you
crossed the Euripus, far-shooting Apollo, and went up the green,
holy hills, going on to Mycalessus and grassy-bedded Teumessus,
and so came to the wood-clad abode of Thebe; for as yet no man
lived in holy Thebe, nor were there tracks or ways about Thebe's
wheat-bearing plain as yet.
(ll. 229-238) And further still you went, O far-shooting Apollo,
and came to Onchestus, Poseidon's bright grove: there the new-
broken cold distressed with drawing the trim chariot gets spirit
again, and the skilled driver springs from his car and goes on
his way.Then the horses for a while rattle the empty car, being
rid of guidance; and if they break the chariot in the woody
grove, men look after the horses, but tilt the chariot and leave
it there; for this was the rite from the very first.And the
drivers pray to the lord of the shrine; but the chariot falls to
the lot of the god.
(ll. 239-243) Further yet you went, O far-shooting Apollo, and
reached next Cephissus' sweet stream which pours forth its sweet-
flowing water from Lilaea, and crossing over it, O worker from
afar, you passed many-towered Ocalea and reached grassy
Haliartus.
(ll. 244-253) Then you went towards Telphusa: and there the
pleasant place seemed fit for making a temple and wooded grove.
You came very near and spoke to her: 'Telphusa, here I am minded
to make a glorious temple, an oracle for men, and hither they
will always bring perfect hecatombs, both those who live in rich
Peloponnesus and those of Europe and all the wave-washed isles,
coming to seek oracles.And I will deliver to them all counsel
that cannot fail, giving answer in my rich temple.'
(ll. 254-276) So said Phoebus Apollo, and laid out all the
foundations throughout, wide and very long.But when Telphusa
saw this, she was angry in heart and spoke, saying: 'Lord
Phoebus, worker from afar, I will speak a word of counsel to your
heart, since you are minded to make here a glorious temple to be
an oracle for men who will always bring hither perfect hecatombs
for you; yet I will speak out, and do you lay up my words in your
heart.The trampling of swift horses and the sound of mules
watering at my sacred springs will always irk you, and men will
like better to gaze at the well-made chariots and stamping,
swift-footed horses than at your great temple and the many
treasures that are within.But if you will be moved by me -- for
you, lord, are stronger and mightier than I, and your strength is
very great -- build at Crisa below the glades of Parnassus: there
no bright chariot will clash, and there will be no noise of
swift-footed horses near your well-built altar.But so the
glorious tribes of men will bring gifts to you as Iepaeon ('Hail-
Healer'), and you will receive with delight rich sacrifices from
the people dwelling round about.'So said Telphusa, that she
alone, and not the Far-Shooter, should have renown there; and she
persuaded the Far-Shooter.
(ll. 277-286) Further yet you went, far-shooting Apollo, until
you came to the town of the presumptuous Phlegyae who dwell on
this earth in a lovely glade near the Cephisian lake, caring not
for Zeus.And thence you went speeding swiftly to the mountain
ridge, and came to Crisa beneath snowy Parnassus, a foothill
turned towards the west: a cliff hangs over if from above, and a
hollow, rugged glade runs under.There the lord Phoebus Apollo
resolved to make his lovely temple, and thus he said:
(ll. 287-293) 'In this place I am minded to build a glorious
temple to be an oracle for men, and here they will always bring
perfect hecatombs, both they who dwell in rich Peloponnesus and
the men of Europe and from all the wave-washed isles, coming to
question me.And I will deliver to them all counsel that cannot
fail, answering them in my rich temple.'
(ll. 294-299) When h
in love, in lust
in bed, in dust
we lie together
blind and deaf
mere sheep
till the day of death............
tell them i'm government
that i did came
only peace and virtue
flow from my name
and if you don't listen
it's a god damned shame
far from fame
i cure thy lame
the youth i'll train
to die
to fight
to pillage
to plight
with pen
with knife
from darkness til light
to believe and receive
to kill that which you conceive
with anger and greed
an unstoppable seed
drug and arm these streets
the bass and the beats
under the cadillac seats
next to the stamps with which you eat............
god is online
a friend of mine
in a lighted box
with airwaves of angels
joining both you and me
why can't you see
the bullshit they feed
the bulletins and tickers
lollipops and stickers
flashes and flickers of truth
but we don't see
for our eyes are covered
when we are mothered by them.
Talks that turn into agruments that turn in fights with no end in sight
Careless Words thrown
So hard that cut so deep
Things we said we forgave
Sum howkeeps creeping back
Into our lives
Yet we weather the storms
For
29 yrs
For me it's LOVE
That keeps me here
Real love eye know eye won't
Find nowhere
So weathering the STORMS
Is what eyell do. For 29 more yrs
Just to RISE &amp; die with YOU
KingandQueen Productions
Pirate Airways
Hitting the high waves
and jibbing up the sails
cutlass, dispatching knaves
and fools that climb the rails
A scuttle up the mizzen mast
the crow's nest my abode
my lot with crew, so cast
gold and silver in the hold
Kerchief on my neck
wooden, my left leg
swabbing the salt from deck
lust for a wench, named Peg
A patch upon my eye
outhaul lashed to the spar
gazing at the azure sky
as sailing, ever far
Aye Aye captain
onward thru the fog
tossing the cat over the bow
and whiskey, for the dog!
COME HOME, COME HOME!!!
LETS MAKE THIS THIS THIS
You're too far away, bring it back
I a scattered little tom waits boy, with my goofy hat, and I can't sit straight!call callcall!!
OHH boy, I'm in trouble,
I'm such a little SPAZZZZZ OH NO ITS ALL COMING BACK, CIGARS AND SUCK A DRAGGGGG AFARRRRRRRR
PIRATE LOGIC, HALLOWEEN LOGIC EATING UP MY BRAIN
BANGING ON THE TABLE
Due to all you go thru
Don't displace the fight ahead DUE to thing you coulda said
DONT look back DUE to pass lies returning and returning striving to disrupt your life
KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
Swimming against a current so much stronger than I am,
Battling my way through the waves,
But it's becoming harder to breathe,
<em>Harder to think,</em>
And I find myself drowning,
Sinking further and further
Into the unknown,
Floating endlessly into the abyss,
My body slamming into
Shipwreck insecurities,
Fossilised memories,
Trapped pain in rotting chests.
All because of one tiny detail about myself that I loathe,
Loathing so much deeper than the seven seas stacked on top of one another.
Hallow halls of brain disconnected dimly lit dare to jump to a lily pad funk
Trees lit with firefly lights where sight is not important only touch
Memories burn like a candle that keeps you down wihs you down makes the mind recoil in terror
Stolen artifacts from the depths of the widest lagoon sleep is only temporary only a nuisance
Tight fitting hearts hot from the weight of love hot from the tremors of betrayal
She cried so much and I was not even angry I was not even upset I was not even angry
Humor weasels its shaking little body into my mind into my skin and I am then dead
Anchors fall from floating pirate ships clad in an armor not of this era not any better
Not any better
Not any better
Not any better
Clicks dancing underneath a starry night head back sand hot kisses wet water rough
I have forgotten what it means to not have the weight of life keep me down
Throw me down to the rocky bottom shores where liquid lava is the source angelic whore
Lady soaked in a hot foamy mist moves through the shadows searching for Her prey
Me not minding the chase as Her face flickers in the feigning mind game of the moon
Together through this off-tune mother's will mother's need humans tripping sneezing
Questions two dots two eyes a mouth that is cracked glistening with snow that scrapes
If I end up in the loony bin I would be happier then working as some bum salesmen
With no stick and berries
There would be sherries living like an ant atop his little ant hill
Frolicking to the madness of the moves of men in higher power but with no sense at all
They never fell from grace for the case they stood upon was made of platinum
Made from the bones of God
Made from the gold of Aztecs
Which was first dipped in their pure and imprisoned blood
Made from the tears of the arch angel at the moment of his untimely death
Made from the shards of metal chipped from Poseidon's trident
Made from the ashes of Vesuviu's people, God takes no prisoners
For we are born here, we are born prisoners
Made from the dew off a bucks back, they are scared, I am scared
Made from the apple core of a child's story of lore
Made from the poison which was never made
Made from the mystery of love, from the mystery of man's pain
you keep taking until my hands are empty,
and then you take my hands.
if I start to cross your mind,
let me keep walking.
you don't get to be both
the shipwreck and the lifeboat.
you don't get to be both
the storm and the disaster relief.
the hurting used to come in waves,
but it won't pull me under anymore.
your apologies died behind your teeth.
you're just spitting out the remains.
somewhere there was once sincerity,
but I'm done being the archeologist
digging through excuses to find it.
I don't miss the person I thought you were,
or the person you could have been,
because at their core,
they are both
still you.
Verse One<strong>
Lay down beside you,
On the dark side of the moon
So we're not blinded by the Sun,
Lean into you,
Deafened by the sirens
We could be lovers on the run,
Don't let go of you,
The world is caving
And there is nowhere we can go,
Don't turn away from you,
Dance upon the wire
We like to lose control
</strong>Chorus<strong>
Foolish hearts are easy to break,
Watch it crumble and circle the drain,
You ran away before I was able,
To look at the cards you threw to the table,
Left my heart be 'cause it was unstable,
Foolish hearts are hard to maintain,
You let me trust you again
</strong>Verse Two<strong>
You told me,
That we are made of steel
But we fell apart like paper,
You touched me,
Fingertips were warm
But emotions turned to vapour,
You cheated me,
Said I was invincible
But crumbled under pressure,
You never saw me,
A shipwreck of a man beneath
Skin that's made of leather
</strong>Chorus<strong>
Foolish hearts are easy to break,
Watch it crumble and circle the drain,
You ran away before I was able,
To look at the cards you threw to the table,
Left my heart be 'cause it was unstable,
Foolish hearts are hard to maintain,
You let me trust you again
</strong>Bridge<strong>
You twisted my words and I lost the battle,
Hiding the key and left me in shackles,
My foolish heart caved 'cause it was too much to handle,
You crushed in your hands,
Gone down the drain with the rest of our plans
</strong>Chorus**
Foolish hearts are easy to break,
Watch it crumble and circle the drain,
You ran away before I was able,
To look at the cards you threw to the table,
Left my heart be 'cause it was unstable,
Foolish hearts are hard to maintain,
You let me trust you again
Maybe I could write a book all
Stares of people creamy tons
Eating dark bonbons
Find your nitch and call
The silk milkswitch
The"Cat Eye"
People come and go
But the sunset stays
The play up or play
down the love of life
An eternity of hearts
of your wife
The family
The boy ship ahoy
(Patch-eye Pirate)
Robin Almond Joy
And she just loves
them Tomboys
all lacey eyes
Masquerading
"Almond Eye's
flavor of soy
Lactose tolerant
Paintbrush deviant
He is so creamed for her
Dark sunset stimulant
Come on drink it all
Inside of my mind do
you dare to wink
and call<strong><em>
Take a look?
Are we losing
our scruples
Coconut milk
Smiles and dimples
A mystery of
illusionsmore darkness
of confusion
The plain ordinary people
So on and then on?
Met our confusion of people
Right on # target</em><em>_</em></strong><em>
Are we still creamy
stir it on
Darkest sunset
way beyond
Soothing so distant and just
like that
gone<strong></strong></em><strong><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em></strong><em>
We cannot click on
anything creme
De La Creme
The computer magnet
like a crazy clone,
all lost being alone
Staying obedient trying to
find the way
(No God) what<strong></strong></em><strong>
No Man?
The cream in your cafe
The Prince
She's the angel dust
hair rinse
((Garnet))
Creamified sonnet
Dark sunset Jade Hornet
on so on her lips so on etc
They met the sunset
head on right time
She's on
All Laced
He's on
What a kisser
Is right time on?
Did he miss her?
My heart was on
the line
Robin birds of throbs
Losing so much time
being robbed deplorable
Like an abysmal
Disgraceable hum
Shady money sum
Banging drum yum
Dark sunset color gum
The dark silhouette
asylum
The sin or the sunset
Being straight jacket
Suzette
Minds breakdown
Heart Silk Crown
"Pennywise clown'
Sex in theCat milk
movies
Remembering the
The seventies
Peace signs and
Groovies
My sunset dreams
depleted
Was this the book
I needed to
be completed
How I armed myself
Finger lake creamy
Fate and time stood out
Dreammmmy<em>_</em><em></em></strong><em>
My brain was fried
scrambler
But sunny side was up?
At midnight rambler
The Brooklyn Bridge
sunset heart dividers
Cosmic globe riders
Dark spell mentors
Spilled the creamy
Goddess of darkness
robe
This ancient Roman sunset
The lover of Darkness
Lace me the darkness hour
The tower high rise sunset
bad spirits gave us
wits to live it
We have it made what
we see
Sometimes Illusions
Creamy silk hands and
The rock bands
How her Darker?Cream
Saw the sunset in between
lips met
Face to face they land
Her place lacy demands
Her spell eyes of a bet
Her lipstick on his collar
She was ready to set
He see's the specks of colors
Through her headset
He yearns for her to
holler<strong></strong></em><strong><em>_</em><em>_</em></strong>

The peek reddish
Sushi-pink
The darkest of sunsets
"Freshly Raw' she sipped his
Sunset drink
When our light will come
will be
protected
Forevermore patiently
The darkness became us
the goodness
Of a better time of rising
A Woman of Many Words
I am a Woman of Many Words
I am drawn to all those places
That words congregate:
Libraries and bookstores
Road signs and billboards
Ticket stubs and subtitles
Nametags and license plates
Each one a journey driving inside me
I am a Woman of Many Words
I love the way the shapes feel in my mouth
The skittle taste of syllables
I am drawn to especially long words
With their phonetic entities stretching out like tentacles to reach new corners of pronunciation
Words like
Bibliophile and flippant-irreverence
Evanescent and Insouciance
Mellifluous and Effervescent
Mondegreen and Labyrinthine
Words like
Onomatopoeia and Tintinnabulation
I appreciate their weight on my tongue
The way my hands appreciate the thickness that is a fat book
I am a Woman of Many Words
I am attracted to their multitude
The space their figures take up on a page
The calligraphic punches
Typed up by keys
The carefully constructed
Brush strokes
Spouting
What is sure to be, nonsense
But I do enjoy the sound of nonsense in the morning
I am a Woman of Many Words
I cling to the lettered skyscrapers wherever I can find them
Because the familiar scent of scribbles across parchment is comfort food for me
I find them
On the backs of cereal boxes
And in Popsicle riddles
In fortune cookies
And alphabet soup
From magnets on my fridge
To junk food logos
And I hold on to them for dear life
For fear that silence should find me
And leave me empty
For fear it will take away the music of maracas
Made by words
Dancing the salsa inside me
I am a Woman of Many Words
because Words
Answer my Questions,
Soothe my fears,
and Humor my Whims
They are not always Right
But they are always Constant
They are not always Honest, in fact,
Mostly
They Lie
But ever so often
They tell such a Beautiful Lie
That you wish it were true
They sing from the rocks
offering Escape from
Terrifying,
Suffocating,
Mind numbing Silence
that echoes off my skeleton
I am afraid that silence will hollow out my insides
and leave me abandoned
with nothing between my Bow and Stern
my Forecastle all torn up
I am afraid of the skeleton inside me
So I am a Woman of Many of Words
For fear of silence
And contempt for truth
Because my words are sirens
And my shipwreck is home here
Under the shade of weeping willow trees
The air is filled with birdsong an anthem sweet and beautiful
The soft sweet song of the bubbling creek
The fragrance of honeysuckles drifts from the forgotten garden
Where daffodils, violets, and many other flowers grow
Mountains high and valleys low covered in the cloak of spring
Hunter-green cedars and deep-green firs sway in the dancing breeze
Even the lonesome desert and vast wilderness
With its pretty sunrises and sunsets bears its own beauty
Morning glories in the Enchanted Forest unfurl their soft sweet petals
At Dusk when all are sleep
Sunrays shining through the dew covered leaves of the majestic trees
Waves wash onto the sea of time where lots of creatures live
And where fishes and sea turtles peep up out of the ocean
Where palm trees grow their lacy-green leaves providing shade for all
Where rocky island cliffs hold treasures forgotten a long time ago
When pirates hunted for gold
Where old forgotten battleships are at the bottom of the ocean
And the people on them long since dead. . .
Pearls and treasures hidden from sight at the bottom of the ocean
Where dolphins sleep and play ready to save some swimmer
Sea-green coral and seaweed are pretty ocean plants
Seashells at the very bottom of the ocean
Seagulls sing to one another from the coconut trees and many other birds sing a
Tropical anthem blending with the sweet perfume of hibiscus and a lone tropical girl
Plays a sweet song on the ukulele
And the horse gallops on the sandy shore happily enjoying his freedom
And the world to all is beautiful
Tropical sunsets blazing dark goldish- orange with the silhouettes of palm trees
On the beautiful rocky island
And the world is hushed to sleep with the tropical lullaby of the singing waves
When the world awakes with dew the sweet hibiscus
<em>*</em>~Marian~
take a step further, and see what you will find
this can't be all there is
the world is out there
don't keep it waiting
because it won't hold its patience forever
the atlas is in my back pocket,
crumpled and hard to read
the places have all become smudges
as the ink begins to bleed
how many more paces to the X?
how close am I?
when can I finally rest?
I'm not a fan of the way me hearties be talkin' to me
this pirate talk is making me a mess
the paved path ahead is closed for construction
and the signs pointing the other way read "DANGER"
I see another sign in the distance,
but my poor eyes don't work well enough to read it
I keep pacing in a circle
and the ground is becoming worn beneath my feet
my toes are blistered
and I'm too wound up to sleep
I've never been here before,
but it feels like home
and maybe one day, it will be
Till the moon comes back
I am not your friend, your lover
I will not comfort you
I will be a stranger
And till the sun is down
I will not love you
I will distract myself with things
Like work and friends
Lie that we are over
That it has come to an end
And when the moon is finally home
I will give you my thoughts, my bones
Jinx everything good to me
Everything left from the shipwreck
And everything survived from the hurricane
Because when the moon is back
When he finally appears again
Everything is worth the risk
what of the dreamer
who dreams no more
can he simply recycle
buy more at the store
the bold pirate prince
with the blushing bride
sailed away long ago
on a pale moonlit tide
the old white knight
tears burned to dust
fear replaced chivalry
his sword turned to rust
the surfer boy as well
is he now gone too
theyve left everyone
the dream died with you
The shades of grey darken,
I find myself afraid,
may direction find me,
I have lost my way,
shine on me,
light the gravel at my feet,
produce fuel for ignition,
and a reason to believe.
Ropes only bind,
they do not guide,
sounds only deceive,
stealing my perception of time,
any steps forward,
are lost in my pride.
Even your hand I dare not hold,
for fear of sinking,
a shared demise,
for our worlds are far removed,
and signals in the distance,
will only lead me to shallow coves,
I am a shipwreck in the night.
Give me light,
sight to go with illumination,
intuition to go with my eyes,
and a key for this cage I create in my mind.
Out of my window looking through the night,
I can see the barges' flickering light
starboards shining green and ports shining red
I can see the barges straight ahead.
Barges, how I'd like to go with you
how I'd like to sail the ocean blue.
Barges, have you treasures in your hold?
Do you fight with pirates brave and bold?
Out of my window, looking through the night
I can see the barges' flickering light.
Silently flows the river to the sea
and the barges too go silently.
Here's what I see:
A tree
Carved out of the side of a hill
With wooden planks battered into the bark
To form a makeshift ladder

To you, whoever you are,
It could be a crow's nest
On a pirate ship.
You scan the ocean with your twig telescope,
But nothing's there but the water and calm
Nothing, definitely not this messy world.

It could be a castle.
You're a princess,
Lucky you.
Look out over your balcony
Down that stepping stone staircase
That leads to your kingdom.
Lucky, lucky you.

It could be the tree I see,
But I don't think so.
This escape is far too full of an unseen magic
To be as mundane as it looks to my clouded eyes.

You find your refuge here,
A hazy vision that blurs out my reality
And replaces it with your own.
I hope that mine
Never breaks through yours.
I hope that you never have to see the same dark streets I do-
That, to you, this tree is always more
Than just a tree.
I hope that your version of reality
Lasts forever.
I hope you never lose it

Because I know that I will always be curious-
I want to see where that ladder leads you.
Honey why don't you ever write me something romantic?
Those eye's of my once teenage wife looked at me in that same way whenever I knew I better cave or the fun time factory was going be closed for awhile.
Well honey you know that's not really my style and especially after getting back form the war and all it just seems like something inside me died.
But you weren't ever in the service.
Yeah I know that's what's so fucked up about it.
What?
Once again my use of choice yet altogether confusing bullshit had workedkids there so easily impressedwith bullshit no wonder those fucking twilight books sold.
Gonzo !
Blowjob.
Huh?.
Dam you Jedi mind trick you never fucking work!
Screw you George Lucas for mind raping me as a childnot that I watched those films.
What do you think I am some kind dork who post's shit all over the netfor cheap
laughs cause he has no true life?
Okay that was a bit harsh I have a life well kinda.
Gonzo! Are you listening?
My demented little hooker with a heart of a gold card asked?
Of course I'm listening duh you know I'm a artist I'm like always deep in thought
about serious shit.
Okay like what?
Well if your a hand model and you book a gig is it called a hand job?
Are you fucking nut's.
No sweetheart I'm a drunk.
Seriously?
Your right I've always been insane with a chance of brilliance in some misspelled ideas.
Look Gonzo I'm not joking just listen okay.
My little nympho just went speaking and like any good man I paid no attention and just shook my head in agreement it's a trick I learned from my grandfather.
Course now it's no longer a secret being I've let all the chicks no dammit.
She kept rattling on all the while I thought pure sweet thoughts while staring at her boobies.
I was lost on a sunny meadowwhere all was soft and gentle.
I'm kidding it was more like a porno involvingJennifer Aniston ,Rihanna , and that total slut who was all the rage you know that former kids star you know Betty White.
It was all going pretty normal well aside from the pool of ranch dressing and Justin Bieber's
head on a goat's body I always knew he was into devil worship.
I just hate we have something in common.
I couldn't take anymore so I ran I ran so far away.
But still I couldn't get away.
So we have a deal?

Yes what dear lord what had I agreed to?
Fuck you Betty White that HannaMontana shit sucked.
Oh thank you baby so muchI just know it'll be great.
Yes it will.
I had no clue what this strange little female was speaking of for one I was lost
and I felt all naked and vulnerable to bad no hot stripper rapist were in the vicinity
yeah I know that's a big word for me thank you Dora the explorer sure I was disappointed
it wasn't a porn at first but you really have opened my horizon's.
That just sounds wrong but enough with the foreplay kids.
I was silent deep in thought and finally before I could ask my semi faithful
nympho spilled the beans once always beats cutting them yeah girl farts they just take
all the fun out it.
Baby I cant wait to read your new romantic write.
What dear lord!
It was a nightmare from which I couldn't wake it was impossible task
a myth like if you take yoga you can blow yourself.
Gonzo cannot write romance.
It just doesn't happen hell I'm Gonzo and even I know that.
Baby after I read it I'm going to give you the best gift ever.
It's something you always wanted.
My mind went spinning as to this want that would be worthy.
Hmm lets see .
So you mean were going to murder Justin Bieberand bathe in his blood ?
No baby even better.
What could be better than that ?
My mind was working overtime dammit I hadn't thought this much sense
that old teacher asked me what I wanted to do with my life.
Course thenI realized when he asked me to find his candy bar in his pocket that he was just a perverted janitor.
Yeah it's a long story don't ask.
You know baby you me and my friendand her other friend and this time you'll actually
get to join in.
It was like Christmas for a pervert.
So looks like I was going to be writing a romantic story.
I could do this especially for some twisted freaky sexhell it's what are country was founded upon.
Duh I mean bribes people they didn't invent freaky sex until the 60's.
You know right around the great depression.
Yeah I bet whoever invented the blowjob put a smile on someone's face.
See not only in my long winded writes do you get perversion you get culture and that history shit.
yeah I know your welcome high five to blowjobs.
I was selling my soul but it's okay it wasn't anything I hadn't done before.
To create this masterpiece I had to get alone with my thoughts yet still have a good
internet connection duhhow else would I write this dumbass?
What do you think I am some dinosaur that writes on paper.
Do I look like I'm Amish yeah that shows about as real as my crystal meth operation
I have in the garage.
I'm kidding I don't have a garage but my grandmother does yeah like I'm going to blow up my own house.
I was off to my secret hiding place to be alone and write the greatest romance story off all time.
It would surpass all the greats of the past.
Like Gone With The Wind or that story of those two butt pirate cowboys you know
they made a movie about it called Wayne's World.
Will Gonzo be able to concentrate for more than a half second.
Avoiding booze and freaky things on the internet like I didn't know you could fit that up there dot com.
Will anyone actually get to the end of this without falling into a coma or getting more weed not that my readers smoke weed.
Will little Timmy make it out of that well to find grandpa and lassie having a quality
peanut butter sessiondon't ask.
All this and more will be answered in the next excitingand even more long winded
episode of Go Fuck Yourself A Love Story. Part 2 coming soon to poetry site near you.
Yeah I know I'm not right .
Cheers kids.
The yellow stars trudge into my tertiary dreams,
Flay one eye open, the other stagnant
Amongst someone elses half-sleep.
The note sung by the SSs shoes, sharp enough to shatter
The insolent streets.
Electric litany
Conductors of the White Noise
A spectrum-skinned symphony,
I swallow my melting scream,
At the high end of eight, I am
Still afraid
Of thunderstorms, dragging a bunch of blankets to the basement
A friend of an old lovers coworkers cousin,
She is a supernovas stomachache, stippled with the start of the interstellar.
Although Jews arent always this incandescent
She hands me stories through the keyhole,
Pirates whose sole means of sustenance is sugar cane,
Noble dragons and the crooked knights that are their neighbors,
Princesses who shave their eyebrows and keep live mice in their apron
pockets for luck
I am not allowed to cry, no matter how it ends.
its the famed drink of pirates.
Its a poor substitute for sedatives
Once again my trusty friend has failed in his task
Is the pain stronger?
Can the mind no longer be deadened by such
Does it take a narcotic of higher potency?
Is there such a substance?
So, I murdered a sonnet,
closed him up in a bonnet and left
him to charge me of murder in 14 lines.
Well it was the length of his words against mine!!!
I shot him with an illegal firearm that
I always used to clothe my arm before I
slaughtered pages,
his shadow was always clothed in suits,
yet his existence so meaningless,
a privileged vocabulary,
well he couldn't fit into the ghetto,
the expressions that reeked blood,
the metaphors that hid black dead slaves,
the rhymes that had discords because a lot
of voices spoke,
I could not imprison those stories in
those white lies,
sorry I mean 14 lines.
I designed his corpse in a body bag,
recited his obituary on poetry stages whilst
my black toes knocked the ground,
nervousness,
the lies enveloped within his lies,
he spoke of bedbugs, Romeos and Juliets,
thus and thus,
I stopped, for his truth was attributed with grotesque lies.
So, I tried to bleach my eyes,
just to try and see the color of his reality,
I tried to express his stories,
but he kept calling my people Othellos cousins,
he categorized them as kaffirs,
he spoke of thanksgiving, but my lips
shaded with melanin bit themselves because I kept wondering
what my black folks would thank anyone for,
they have been taught to
hang from strong lines that hug their throats,
painted on headlines with RIP hashtags,
so, if a Poet like me would spice up their obituaries with
punchlines maybe they would use
those lines to charm St Peters at Heaven's gates.
I feel like our ancestors have sold us to
death on the other side.
I have grown tired of plucking dreams from
buried graves at feared cemeteries,
speaking to tombstones that are support structures to
dry roses, wilted lilies,
blooming thorns,
so, would you blame me for murdering
a 14-line year old bastard,
Shakespeare's child.
So, justify me in the Poetry court of
elite critiques.
By the way I plucked Mr. Sonnet's nipples,
they were too pointy,
I think he was too horny to be a Poem...
I cut his blonde hair,
and its now a mop for my bathroom mess,
I forgot to feed him his own testis,
maybe he would've understood what kind of
seeds he fed to these dead Poets societies.
So, I guess I'm already guilty
to some Jury poetry group,
so please sentence me to fourteen lines
behind poetry bars,
maybe I'll come out rehabilitated of my ghetto
lines, or sit me on electric chairs,
guess what, those have become our thrones,
no one notices our pride,
no one sees our poetry lines as power lines,
we cannot even feed our families with these
words,
we were born as street poets,
pirates of the pages,
the ones who hold pens beside pistols,
stop signs and zebra lines don't
really stop us from reaching the
Shangri-Las and Nirvanas of street word.
So, I killed a Sonnet and
buried him in my head's bonnet,
no guilt though,
but he's always behind every thought I embrace,
behind my head!!!
#RIP...... hope they write about you
wherever you are...
Ciao!!!
my eyes are like the ocean--
not stormy
or gray-green--
full of dead things
and like a rip current
when you pirate
all the treasure in the world
you will have strangled your own potential muse poet
and all that treasure not yours will disappear
other words strung together that is,
-songs belonging to another poets heart
We bask in light when morning comes, yet tremble in the night.
Halloween must be the cause to give us such a fright.
Ghosts and goblins haunt the streets where moans and chains abound.
Ghouls and vampires lurk in shadows, scared of holy ground.
Werewolves stalk unwary victims. Frankenstein is loose.
Ogres, trolls and spectral zombies hanging by a noose,
Gorgons with their "stoney" eyes and bats with leathery wings...
Mummies wrapped in yellowed cloth with rotting flesh that clings,
Pirates, gangsters, space invaders, just to name a few,
All in search of "Tricks or Treats"(or just a head...or two).
Beware the time when darkness comes. Be sure the door is locked.
But most of all .... to just be safe ... keep lots of candy stocked.
To the Father of my fathers father.
Oh Father of my father,
I have wandered far too far, further into a blight.
Amid the night,
amidst the mist of the midnight-lantern,
I roam,
like a phantom.
Oh Father of my fathers fathers, darkness has dawned on me.
In a world where desire victimizes us all, my lust for love has left me
lost in a lie with a life that questions the true essence of time.
Oh Father !
at what cost do my sins separate from solitude ?
I ask not of your affection, I just simply wish to inform that i shall nolonger continue my endeavors.
for i am preyed like pirates lost at sea, longing for a lostful gain...
to and fro and back again, to the track where black is but night and day,
Yet the sun has kept its wholesome shine, but still thesons have lost their way.
No wonder some of them lose their eyes, yet questioning but the tide.
Pirates, I pity you.
Goodbye, goodbye all of the noise.
i shall simply drift towards the mist till i meet an end to the earth,
and fall to my destined doom.
Give me truths,
For I am weary of the surfaces,
And die of inanition. If I knew
Only the herbs and simples of the wood,
Rue, cinquefoil, gill, vervain, and pimpernel,
Blue-vetch, and trillium, hawkweed, sassafras,
Milkweeds, and murky brakes, quaint pipes and sundew,
And rare and virtuous roots, which in these woods
Draw untold juices from the common earth,
Untold, unknown, and I could surely spell
Their fragrance, and their chemistry apply
By sweet affinities to human flesh,
Driving the foe and stablishing the friend,
O that were much, and I could be a part
Of the round day, related to the sun,
And planted world, and full executor
Of their imperfect functions.
But these young scholars who invade our hills,
Bold as the engineer who fells the wood,
And travelling often in the cut he makes,
Love not the flower they pluck, and know it not,
And all their botany is Latin names.
The old men studied magic in the flower,
And human fortunes in astronomy,
And an omnipotence in chemistry,
Preferring things to names, for these were men,
Were unitarians of the united world,
And wheresoever their clear eyebeams fell,
They caught the footsteps of the SAME. Our eyes
Are armed, but we are strangers to the stars,
And strangers to the mystic beast and bird,
And strangers to the plant and to the mine;
The injured elements say, Not in us;
And night and day, ocean and continent,
Fire, plant, and mineral say, Not in us,
And haughtily return us stare for stare.
For we invade them impiously for gain,
We devastate them unreligiously,
And coldly ask their pottage, not their love,
Therefore they shove us from them, yield to us
Only what to our griping toil is due;
But the sweet affluence of love and song,
The rich results of the divine consents
Of man and earth, of world beloved and lover,
The nectar and ambrosia are withheld;
And in the midst of spoils and slaves, we thieves
And pirates of the universe, shut out
Daily to a more thin and outward rind,
Turn pale and starve. Therefore to our sick eyes,
The stunted trees look sick, the summer short,
Clouds shade the sun, which will not tan our hay.
And nothing thrives to reach its natural term,
And life, shorn of its venerable length,
Even at its greatest space, is a defeat,
And dies in anger that it was a dupe,
And, in its highest noon and wantonness,
Is early frugal like a beggar's child:
With most unhandsome calculation taught,
Even in the hot pursuit of the best aims
And prizes of ambition, checks its hand,
Like Alpine cataracts, frozen as they leaped,
Chilled with a miserly comparison
Of the toy's purchase with the length of life.
the blood and guts where DNA is sourced
goes way back deeper than spitting flem
and the star burst lies of mice and men
planning to conquer the next field of wheat
belonging to a tribe of gentle folk
Nestles deep in histories joke when it comes
right down to it we are all pirates wielding rights
and saying nothing when it comes to someone else's truth
There are no Apaches
With flaming arrows and piebald ponies
There are no writhing jungles round here
There are no lost temples
Hiding untold treasures
There are no damsels to be rescued
By a knight on a white charger
There are no pirates on the high seas
No skull and crossbones flying
Above a deck bristling and glistening
With cutlasses and flintlocks ready
And hook hands and black eye-patches
In the sunlight of the Spanish Maine
There are no interplanetary wars
With hand-held laser guns
And weird creatures from strange worlds
They just do not exist
I learned this when
I was very very young
And I really wanted to be a pirate
By Phil Roberts
a note before i end the pending poem.<em>
i know i'm not writing anything "in the groove"
or whatever urban tonguing i should use to invent
the new form of glue: to stick with the trends.
when people read candyfloss
literature i read lead literature,
that's how it goes, i find too many poets
angry shouting down other people's throats,
i find them in positions where they think
they empower people: but rarely do.
i write for the sole purpose of a demographic,
a democracy of sorts, i never want to hear
my voice regurgitated back at me,
i find it prickly, apart from the half-digested content
i am actually opposing being fed it...
i can't explain why i don't entertain,
write one poem every two years either, apart from
the fact that: well, writing a poem and then
performing it? performance doesn't really do much
for what's an ongoing voyage, performance to
the art is like a Moby Dick moment:
you get to tell the adventure of a shipwreck,
rather than the proof that the earth is not flat.
the additional benefit, you get to see how your
thinking interacts with symbols, and how these symbols
will never betray the tongue that doesn't speak them...
you get to do x-ray upon x-ray and find that
stuff like this: is actually equivalent to a bone in your
tongue. as with the moment: when artists are quoted
as having said: words are meaningless...
i guess there comes a time when, with that said:
punching someone dead means more.
oh this pithy sentiments that only empower politicians
and the media... i might have said
a baby's gluttonous gaga drool and you'd be like:
yay! happy days upon us!
when poetry isn't performed it continues
into the nether region of thoughts: it's not jeopardy
of suddenly fizzling out into a state of a stale champagne
bottle... the residual power is confiscates from speaking
it retains a close proximity of actually writing it,
on the basis that it becomes prolonged, and more concentrated,
it cannot be allowed to diffuse into the open,
into a crowd, for a democratic hurrah on we go.
i wanted to simply see poetry as an optical exploration,
rather than a vocal necessity of the art,
philosophy was clogged up in too many truths
and untruths, and basically too many paragraphs,
i wanted to make frank the medium that abhors paragraphs,
and by the looks of it: punctuation marks.
well, it's all about pedantry to be honest,
but then i never desired the urban lingua
of keeping with the zeitgeist... i see how keeping up
with the times is enshrined with materialism and how
fickle it all eventually becomes... you can never reach
a status of cool reaching for the obscure,
but that's what all attempts at fame end up being:
a quiz show, trivia, obscure knowledge, 0 points
means the best points available, and after that, the realisation
that all is empty, and that attempts at fame
become questions in a quiz show where the aim of
the game is to: name the most obscure answer possible...
oddly enough the same show invites celebrities to
take part in the quiz for charity... *pointless celebrities</em>,
first word, yep, that's the name of the show.
oh no, i don't shun television, i do admit that watching
a brick wall is more entertaining drunk than television,
but the sober me has to do something from time to time.
so poetry: a medium that's opposite of vocally necessary,
a medium to explore the bone inside the tongue
that writing invokes: stiffy stalemate...
would i care to say why every word has a meaning?
unless you can speak <em>hundsprechen</em> i'd say only this,
that sort of reasoning is dangerous...
we wouldn't get anything done is units of language
was meaningless... (hold on, i'm going to create
a crescendo for this point)...
you can say language is meaningless when you're
singing... vocalising language from these depths of
what would otherwise be known as the graveyard of surds
on the pure basis of optics and all cognitive parameters...
sure, from these depths into an angelic gospel choir
you can get a meaninglessness: because it's so bloody
pleasurable... you can't deny a good song, you
can't compare the use of language in singing to the use
of language in lecturing some obscure topic by simply
talking... for thus words are sounds, and not the dreaded
pluralism of conventional talking: i.e. meanings.
unlike the Chinese who have a certain capacity
to remember about 3000 ideograms, we have a much
bigger capacity, but our words are shrapnel and what we
don't have that the Chinese do have is:
a capacity for the multiplicity of meaning.
i can't imagine any ambiguity with Chinese ideograms
in the range of 3000 symbols... but there is clearly ambiguity
in our system...
obviously we can say words are meaningless
at times when rules of using language are lax given
the lies of politicians and the media roulette:
the fact that media is not state owned is even worse,
shadow brokers and a tarantula venom disorientating people.
singing is an escape route from the socio-political
conventions of using language, hence the ambiguity trail
of what's deservedly called: socially-acceptable mode
of conduct, something that doesn't receive the booger frown
of what would probably look like a lemon smiling.
yet, if language doesn't give you a chance to see a labyrinth
then you have the shallows of singing... mm, yeah, mm, boo...
ye-ha! fucking cowboys the whole lot of them...
but it's what it's supposed to be, something to be sung
for someone else to hear... it's not something written
down for someone else to see... and subsequently maybe
think about... oh how dreaded that statement seems in
English, a bit like <em>denken scheie</em> / shy-se!
people only make statements about the meaningless
of language when they sing... but that's the point:
you're making sounds, akin to the rhythm of my heart,
hence i don't think and subsequently go into a moshpit
or nod my head with some pigeon-like "cool" approval...
language is a bit like Shrek talking about onions...
it has layers, "spooky" other dimensions, oooh oooh...
Casper asked for a weener so he could invert necrophilia
and ghost-fuck that ass... it has layers...
somewhere between the Antarctica and the Arctic,
perhaps in the tropic of Capricorn, but who knows?
but i'll tell you one thing... it's not a white guy thing...
i finally understand why i don't like rap...
a bit like saying: a crowd shouting at a football match
is not an onomatopoeia of whatever is homo sapiens worthy...
i think that classification actually predates
the expression of it... it's out there, but on the fringes...
it's like this standard of protestantism with the concept
of predestination: we might just get there by Sunday
in the year 2099, but who knows?
now i do understand why i don't like rap...
never liked it... couldn't stomach it...
then i come across a beauty... so all those things i said
before, it culminates into this...
<em>Akua Naru</em>, ring a bell? probably not,
3mil is nothing in today's celebrity cut-throat backstabbing...
http://tinyurl.com/lt8ayhg... now that's entertainment...
that's what i love, how every instrument is
actually heard... the bass kicks in to set the tone
with the tickly percussion accents...
she's baking a cake...
she's layering...
it's unlike that rape-culture music of pounding pounding
overly rhythmic and for every band these days
it's one guitar = 20 violins of an orchestra's worth...
this is the new-jazz, or what John Coltrane
insinuated with the words: a love supreme, a love supreme.
i don't know if it's poetry...
a weak message on a stage might
always require a backing band, like a weak voice
might require a backing band... but this little critique doesn't
necessarily mean i can appreciate it,
and is the reason why i don't understand rap, and never will.
an errant pirate has been active
in the copying caper
naffing off with other poet's
scripted draper
this person was seen to be doing
some stanza reproduction
using a falsified form of title
introduction
as bold as brass
pinching what takes the fancy
not caring about the original
Nancy or Clancy
those who think that stealing
other writer's material is okay
have need of gearing
their scruples the right way
there was a big black cat and he just longed to be
a pirate on the ocean sailing on the sea
with his pirate ship and his pirate hat
and a big black patch a proper pirate cat
he started on his journey across the oceans blue
hoping to find treasure in lands he never knew
he came across an island and he rowed a shore
there were lots of things he never saw before
he took a look around to see if he could see
if there was a a place where treasure just might be
suddenly a parrot come flying from and a tree
then he said to cat just you follow me
cat he followed parrot along the island shore
they walked for a while then a little more
then they saw a box buried in thethe sand
cat began to dig and parrot gave an hand
they dug out the box the treasure been found
opened up the lid and and had a search around
there were lots coins and some golden rings
goblets made of silver and lots of other things
cat was very happy his dream it had come you
now he was a pirate and had a parrot to
Wake up! You're dreaming!
Let incense fill the air
and infiltrate your nostrils, flowing to a composed set of lungs retreating from the scene
The anchor's overweight-
You stand no chance
In a ship with no sails, and a current so strong
The pirates on your tail overwhelm the anxiety brewing inside your soul
Stop the madness! A world with no thought-
Insanity pursues and seduces an open opportunity,
Setting chains around your wrists and ankles, locking you down
The bare white walls-
Immaculately maintained
A room filled with emptiness
And your ears consuming silence,
Which echos the panic to your slow-paced heart
Run away! You're dying-
Feel it's cold breath beating against the frail hairs on your neck
Invisible hands grasping for your throat, but your lips won't allow any words to espcape it
Paralytical agents readying your imminent fate
Whacking willows- an unfair fight
Feet that fail you and wings that disappear
No weapons of retalliation or even the speed of a jaguar for assistance
You're helpless, and alone
Abandonment strikes you in the heart as Death catches up
Scream! Call for help!
A lifeless corpse hovering above like a satanic ritual is ensuing
But a thin film of haze separates you from the rotting corpse
The knife, an inch away from your ski-slope nose,
And the pre-pain sets in before the action
Repetitive cycles of death and rebirth-
Exhausting the energy out of your once lively heart
Sinking to the depths of the sea
And buried in the ground of a vast and perplexing woodland-
You learn of your extremeist fear
Wake up!- You're dreaming!
An alarm set for 5 a.m beeps while your breath is caught in your lungs and your sweat forms like beads on your forehead
Anxiety, Insanity, Abandonment, and Fear are the leading actors in every dream you have
If only you weren't such a manic insomniac.
I dreamt
that I was wrestling
and octopus underwater.
Its tentacles found
my face
in that dank place.
I stopped breathing.
One tentacle around
my throat.
Preventing breath.
Close to death.
I fought
and pulled
and screamed
underwater.
Before I became a shipwreck,
I woke up with my lamp cord
around my neck.
~E.M.S.
2/3/12
12:56 a.m.
The sky turned navy, while
saltwater dreams threaded through shipwrecks on the sea floor
Darkness haunted the ruins like ink-stained ghosts
and you couldn't see the stars under the waves and the jellyfish and the rust
because we were all too scared to swim away from the
familiar, beautiful
nauseating darkness
Our footsteps were heavy, as if we
were weighted down by bricks
The ethereal electricity of the ocean's embrace
dragged wandering pieces of thought back into consciousness
as the fading stars left our veins flowing a
broken-watercolor-aquamarine
Dawn began to dust the clouds with her coral-rose blush
light rained down on fluttering eyelashes
so we became moths, flinging ourselves
onto street-lamps and into fires and through windows of hearts
The jellyfish drowned in its own phosphor and
up
we
fell
Swash arises with immeasurable strength
Cascading against a buckling hull
Lost screams echo incoherently in a dark abyss
White embers engulf the universe
As the world cracks in two
Waves distort life and death with gentle balance
Bestowing reincarnation against the odious blue kraken
Rolling innocently upon the great pale sea
Striding to quench a perishing thirst
Embarking on my final journey.
Peter never understood why Wendy was meant to grow up
why she had to leave the blissfulness of Neverland
If there's an answer to his questions it would be that
she was dreaming of castles and voyages and someone to love
while he was mischieving pirates,chasing a never setting sun
I often wander if I'm more like her,
sincere, gentle, a duchess-to-be
a young girl who dwells in stories
or like the boy who wouldn't grow up,
nonchalant, full of lovely wonderful thoughts,
Peter Pan,the one who could fly
But what did he do when she left?
Is she a beautiful memory in a child's mind,
why didn't he abandon immortality for love?
Here's Wendy, back in Kensington Gardens
a lady asking herself what if I had stayed
why couldn't he abandon youth for her love?
And she will forever remain in his mind as a little girl,
who played family with and dreamed
but Wendy will be married and will be kissed
but not with him.
And Peter will always be a chasing dream,
a fairyland with pirates and ships,
a world of villains, mermaids and the boy who
didn't return her kiss.
I read, imagining his crooked smile growing up
or her staying forever
and none of these feels completely right
In the end, I am another lost boy who went to Neverland,
and flew and fought with a sword, and swam with mermaids
and danced around fire with the eyes of Tiger Lilly
Sometimes there I return, finding him lost in her thoughts,
but there again everyone's forgotten among the things we never say...
Flowing like oceans.
Sinking like stones.
Breath like cold vapor.
We have become this.
Our will, broken.
Our silence, stolen.
Continue the fight.
Resist, no flight.
Life is simple.
The codes just un-simplify.
Shipwrecks on the coast.
Flowers on the banks.
Figures on the hill.
Beckoning for some sort of motion.
Reality sinks to the depths.
All is wrong.
All is right.
We have but one choice.
Our voice, our voice.
Change shakes the corridor.
Forget what you know.
Let it flow.
some may say a man
with a beard
has something to hide
some may say a bearded man
is a lonely man
let me tell you a law
of the known universe
all great influential men
had beards
Consider this: The Soul is set aflame by the constant ruminations of the mind that venture beyond ones stagnant self. This leads to great inspiration and ultimately inspiring others greatly.
so you see
only the bearded man can
transcend himself
List of Great Bearded Men: Frederick Douglas, Ulysses S. Grant, Ernest Hemingway, Jesus, Abraham Lincoln, Confucius, Karl Marx, Sigmund Freud, John Lennon, Vincent Van Gogh, Albert Einstein, King Leonidas, Zeus, Poseidon, Billy Mays, Most notable Pirates.
I want to feel an open breeze
Blow through my shirt
And taste salt in the air
And squint towards the sun
Looking at the come-what-may
And greeting danger with a smile
Dream it seems,
Darkness around.
Silent cries,
Weeping sound..
No loves and cares.
But an unusual fear..
Thunder claps,
Mind was pacing,
As fast as pacing pirates..
And that was a dream,
An Untold Melancholy...!!!
Es donde todos los barcos vienen a fallecer!
Esta costa inspirado a <strong><em>Piratas del Caribe</em></strong>.
Y el <strong><em>Capitn Jack Sparrow</em></strong>!
Y este es mi primer poema Espaol.
<strong>Coast of Death</strong>
That is where all the ships come to perish!
This coast inspired <strong><em>Pirates of the Carribean</em></strong>.
And <strong><em>Captain Jack Sparrow</em></strong>!
And this is my first Spanish poem.
A lone island tranquil and still,
Her faint figure, hard to ignore,
Concealed in the shadow,
Men drawn in, the promise of more,
Ripples of the sea sparkle,
The setting sun ignites the waves,
Body outlined, beside the twilight,
Her poignant song travels to the pirates sails,
An oceans teardrop falls on her skin
No fairytale, shells, coins and gems,
Awake and alive, her smile enchanting,
He discovers her world, a surprising escape,
Lost in her eyes, reality crumbled,
And his dreams began to take shape.
When we love the sky is more blue than usual,
When we love the sun shines more bright than normal.
When we love the dark sadness decays .
We voyage into uncharted territory, sailing seas both calm and chaotic, pulling day and night to better our voyage to feel the pleasant joy of happiness love gives.
But when we lose...
When we lose our love ,
The voyage to paradise turns into a nightmare of shipwreck,
We find ourselves shipwrecked on an island of solitude,
left to lick the wounds of our broken ship where we made so many happy memories.
The previous blue skies
Are now no more than
a grey empty abyss ,
and we find ourselves alone left to wonder where it all went wrong.
You suddenly realise that forever was only as long as unearned happiness provided shelter from the world.
Now reality is all that's left of a broken heart and tainted soul.
Yesterday night<em>
After an evening of indulging myself in liquid poison
I found my self standing in a club
</em>Boom boom boom boom<em>
The bass strangely palpitates on the rhythm of my anxiety
</em>Light flashes<em>
And life flashes slashing my mind in it's entirety
Soul sweating, soaking my composure entirely
</em>Light flickers<em>
My psyche shivers..
</em>Shit<em>
Images with every flicker portray what I mostly miss
Quickly gulping down another glass of this Rum and mix
But the imagery is fixed, so it's pointless to go full throttle
There are lots of differences
between alcohol and liquid Sorrow
Guess earlier tonight at the store I must have bought
the wrong bottles
</em>So we put our hands up, like the ceiling can't hold us<em>
Fuck that, this song is so bad it's the end of rap
As I fall within the depths
landing on deck of my Mind's Ship
Giving out nonsense orders
like I've become a swashbuckling pirate
At the end of the night
I take a dive in a sea of smoke
my brain inhales
and ironically welcomes
</em>"Davy Jones"
17 Shattered skulls bobbing on an ocean of oil.
The crawling skin of sailer souls ready to recoil.
No more rigging 1 less oar.
Beast from the deep allowed to surface once more.
The crows nest falls the skies turn black.
Men overboard who are never coming back.
No more rigging 1 less oar.
Beast from the deep returns to the seabed once more.
now who sold out
yours or mine
they flip
for
it
she landed on her head
he laughed
she made him fall off the latter
she hit him
with dirty words
he hurt feelings falling
the squirrels scratched
thier nests cracking
thier pirate loot
booty change
through
seas
rage
find me breadth
find me
leave me alone now
who sold
out
?
...
..
.
By: Cedric McClester
Abdul and the pirates
Often used to boast
How they had impunity
Along the Somalian coast
Taking ships whenever
The opportunity appeared
Holding them for ransom
So the booty could be shared
Then the Maersk Alabama
Came into the sight
Of Abdul and the pirates
Quite to their delight
So they came aboard
Making their demands
But the unarmed Maersk crew
Took it from their hands

Abdul and the pirates
Had no idea at all
That they would be the ones
Eventually who would fall
So they took the captain
Who had volunteered
To become their hostage
As towards home they steered
Hoping they could reach
The Somalian shore
Where they would be successful
In demanding much much more

Abdul and the pirates
Had no idea at all
That they would be the ones
Eventually who would fall
A team of Navy snipers
Were quietly on the case
Looking for a target
When the order was in place
Abdul and the Pirates
Unwillingly complied
And that perhaps explains
Why it is they died
Abdul and the pirates
Had no idea at all
That they would be the ones
Eventually who would fall
So they took the captain
Who had volunteered
To become their hostage
As towards home they steered
Hoping they could reach
The Somalian shore
Where they would be successful
In demanding much much more
Abdul and the pirates
Had no idea at all
That they would be the ones
Evenually who would fall
Abdul and the Pirate
Arent around to boast
How they had impunity
Along the Somalian coast
Quite unfortunately for them
Theyve become burnt toast
(c) Copyright 2015, Cedric McClester.All rights reserved.
I wake up,
its clear,
It was all in my head.
No titans to slay,
No dragon slayer to blow me away.
I know that it's not real,
But my heart's still filled with gold.
In my world, I'm a pirate!!
Cruising from shore to shore,
My best friend's aneko,
She'll kill you for money.
My pet's a dragon,
Yeah, but he's as sweet as Honey.
I travel the world,
To find the answers.
Looking for whoever turned her to ashes.
My weapon is a pistol,
With bullets made of ice.
He told to watch out,
For those who aren't nice.
But, I have my friends,
I know I'll be strong,
For our imagination is wild,
I know that for sure.
Riding bikes
Skinning Knees
Time spent climbing
All the trees
Sit back and feel
the summer breeze
Remember how it was?
Swimming pools
Baseball games
Every kid had
funny names
The times they just
don't seem the same
Remember how it was?
Summer time was glorious
You only had a kids concerns
No school until September
You didn't care if you got burned
Summer time was heavenly
A pirates life , you led
You were out 'till past the sun went down
Then it was dinner, bath and bed
Marbles, swimming
At the creek
A hundred kids
playing hide and seek
Cadging smokes
Of which none would speak
Remember how it was?
Building forts
And running wild
Outside all day
where sunshine smiled
Living the life
Of every child
Remember how it was?
Summer time was glorious
You only had a kids concerns
No school until September
You didn't care if you got burned
Summer time was heavenly
A pirates life, you led
You were out 'till past the sun went down
Then it was dinner, bath and bed
Baseball, soccer
cards in spokes
Blood brothers
and dirty jokes
trading cards
and drinking cokes
Remember how it was
Running fast
and walking slow
A few weeks left
To school we'll go
Tag...you're it
Friend or foe
Remember how it was?
Summer time was glorious
You only had a kids concerns
No school until September
You didn't care if you got burned
Summer time was heavenly
A pirates life, you led
You were out 'till past the sun went down
Then it was dinner, bath and bed
He sits there smoking cigarettes
Drinking stolen cans of beer
He got blow from some dude down the road
He's not that buzzed yet
But he thinks it's probably near
Seems like there's nothing left to loathe
He's in a car on the edge of town
In the middle of his mind
He doesn't count the drinks he put down
He doesn't count the time
American Idiot drowns the silence
He hopes he won't get violent
Teenagers scare the living shit out of me
But where were you when they decided to bleed
Did you kiss their lacerations?
Did you care to have a conversation?
What do you really think they need?
Why do you think pain tastes so sweet?
But you didn't even speak.
Now count all the days
But don't count the hours
You'll find yourself in a summer shower
With 5 years left behind you
Your heart is gone
And you've moved on
And you think you're doing fine
But the Crow keeps the time
And the Sparrow lays to rest
And the only one who loved you at your worst
Has never seen you at your best
You're such a prude
And I've been high all afternoon
Why can't I just come over
And find a place to recover
From all this jaded nightmares
Aren't you listening?
Don't you care?
I'm sorry,
I love you,
Please don't go away.
How could you ever love a stray??
Sometimes I wonder what might've become
If I hadn't run with pirates
And drank all that rum
Would you still love me?
Would you still be here?
Would you still be the one
Who took away my fears?
I'm living now and I'm starting to wonder
Just where our love died
I'm sober now
But I won't drag you under
And you know I hate to see you cry
He's still in the car on the edge of town
5 years have got behind him
And reality's just touched down
Somewhere in the middle of his mind
You'll always be around
Just hold on tight and don't look down
The hard part is almost over
Where the hell do you run to
When there's no place to take cover?
My mind is an open ocean
There are no waves here
No boats of information
No knowledgeable crew
To guide these calm waters
No ghosts of imagination haunting seamen
The birds fly by from time to time
Attempting to find land
But my mind is an open ocean
There are no sands here
I just knew I had to get there
try to begin again again yay
it was not conveniently along
the way to any ordinary business
else i had along to get on this day
but when i finally arrived i forgot
if it were the coffee or the chocolate
shop...20 oz got the mud and like me
just a single dark chocolate coconut turtle love
no trip to sip upon my way to self serve raw milk cows
and so return to head of the class or is it the line free pass
and refill...so coffee shop and coffee house does play; 'your troubles
are my troubles every dear sweet day'; sip sip 'how are you today', 'I don't believe' she said;
'but i have nothing else better to do myself' I'd say...we're acute of mars and where we are across
enchantments and beyond the covering of the bridge and bridges...wifi sure if you like so very need; 'email leave it here' she's owner 'there's the pad' 'but what?' oh silly me 'do I get' fearing junk and praying for the hand signed invite to the 'Caffeine Ball' in the tiny little town with two chocolate shops just in case you are northern or southward bound, you're 'Cafe Casual' or 'Belgium Tweaked', she the owner tickled me 'you get my email'!!!
...here and there it is the season of the witch; and here today it's black tight city in the pretty country sweet nitty gritty; soccer so too the day and I don't know the preppy privates or the awesome lovey local blessed pirates; moms and girls all a twirl and I'm just trying to empty this lovely cup; this sweater too is dark and fairly long but upon the tights its out of sight but upon any other else it's something else; here is mom silver lovely flows as she too can bounce about as if she's the star ready to run and play kick in the winning goal, saves the day again again again, and the line is steep and the shop full of eye candy take home treats; and too tights sporting is she though jumper; guess they don't got to be so long in seasonal dark bold yet subtly nifty blackish white grey shifty plaids with tinging blue line-ish sky-ish snuck sneakin' in and out and oh the kicker so very dainty being in defiance like of gravity as in light and loosely sweet, and the lucky man for the ring upon the left of hand, but it's all lovely to see the happy be and the treats she seeks to take home to for about that lucky other and at times we are other me's but there this time he is he; and I've got 6 oz to go before my free pass to head of the class upon the tip of the spear nothing to fear before the all waiting for the dearest of sweet service the all so love here; nah no Starbucks come close to dare about anywhere the near blessed be here, we all so are; our bubble ya, or so I am most likely blaspheming here for true I can repeat I am overly needy speaking for myself and so overly shameless about my overly humanness at the risk of judgement and inhumanity; so it is better to know thyself first and foremost;
6 oz and I'm still working hard sip or gulp b/s or bust but then silver soccer plaid treat tweaker; there we are; "I love the plaid" said I, "Oh why well thank you so much" "That's lovely" I am not used to compliments" she seemed so...well I'd love to know, "I saw the ring" I said "and that should be no penalty"
...but I am never prepared for the overly shocking and we lost ourselves beyond our paths crossing and out beyond the door; I imagine we are, she is routin' team and life the more for all;
<em>once upon a time</em>
I was overly dedicated to the loosing cause with all endearment and flattery in every way first thing in the morning and like every night tag team between raising angels and in defiance of everything I have ever heard they say about what you just can't get with a man; but then they forget to tell you if it just so happens; there may be better men you can steal from and who cares what if from other women other husbands and their retirement plans; while we're at it I don't worry 'bout that but blessed be I ain't no Mr Right even though overly right for much right right now, though nearest my age I wouldn't then stand a chance to be fooled by sweet angels but who rarely just don't get a darn thing not 'bout me my deep and long term needs and cares, not that any couldn't but I ain't spelling out those tales here now so well;
but hit me it did that goddess blessed soccer mom-ma
not used to compliments ripping me up still
and forever till we get the heck out of
our b/s self created living hell
which repeat repeat
our simple choosing
in the more willing
and overly
responsive
here we are
in the better
place for heaven
ain't that true as well...
I wish I could ask is anything real
but it's all true as well,
if we ever got real out
of here this way
look out we'd might
just miss all the
HELL
'O'!!!
The waves reach out on the shores
of everlasting peace
and solitude
Trees hang plentiful
the sky overcast with green-blue tones
the sun shines down
warm
sweet breeze whispering secrets
to the canopy
a slight sound accompanies
with its slow hissing sound
the ship burns slow, large, majestic
towering
on the horizon miles away
the ship lies broken driftwood
Breaking down
Medley of browns
greens
and
Crimson Reds
Wet, shredded, decayed
washing up on the shore
Listen my children and you will hear,
A midnight horse riding with fear.
Listen my children and you will see,
A crew of pirates and Captain Mckee
Listen my children, the day is dead,
For all stories must come to an end.
Goodnight my children and please sleep tight,
More exhilarating stories to come, tomorrow night.
My head is red
My eyes have pain
I've been drinking rum from dusk till dawn
Will I wake up in the morning?
The sky exploded in a blinding light
Stopping what would have become a fight.
A man I'd known from a time back when
Shook his head when he downed number 10.
Away, away, away we go.
Where will we end up?
Nobody knows.
We'll cross the seas
And collect our fees
Singing all the way through
Drinking our rum and having our fun while singing a dancing tune.
We'll dance a jig
And take a swig
Surrounded by jewels and rum.
Away, away, away we go
Where will we end up?
Nobody knows.
But away, away, away we go
Drinking our rum and having our fun.
Where will we end up?
Not even we know.
you're only a year away from downing
i'll tell you now that i care
before i turn into a shipwreck
from your waves
bar lights and starry nights
my veins were aligned with
the wood of other hearts
and then i saw you
i looked two hundred feet down
to a world of spikes
painted on with dried blood
since it was where i had one slept
he smiled at a girl kissed by the moon
and wondered why she loved the stars
(fall for a galaxy
and you'll never find ground)
you're only a year away from drowning
and i'm just a shipwreck
waiting to be discovered
you are my
greatest love and my
most agonizing
pain
pain that is ever constant,
ever living,
ever lasting
and a love that is
beautifully torn apart,
tied to a shipwreck, becoming
a storm so lovely that one
could not want
anything more than
to be swept along the raging currents
of its sea
yet, it is this shade of your
love which bestows
such a beauty
over me,
that i could i lie there, in the midst
of this chaos,
forever to sleep
and still find peace
i could not compare that
solace,
that relief,
that calm,
to anything
and it is the absence
of this shade that i fear...
because when Fate comes to take you
away from me,
what more will i be able
to do than to
lie
in the cold
with my forehead pressed
against the earthy ground
and white clovers and lilies
grazing along my hair, hanging limp in mourning,
and think of you?
There is a tale, as old as age
spoken in many a different tongue
its said that a girl,
nomadic of heart
and beauty to rival Aphrodite,
was hidden away
on a cultured isle
guarded by ocean and lake,
unamused by her story,
to the seas she takes
encountering a ramshackle band
of heathens,
Captain or pirate
on a ship of fools, changing
from season to season,
with courage and strength
in conflict with rules,
of physics and of space
and of time and of energy,
roaming and plundering
these seas for some synergy
Teaching and learning as
she makes their way east
will the journey she takes,
rampage near the seas?
That I call home,
in the land of the free?
where pirates wear smiles
and cut throats with a pen,
If pain is love then fuck me up,
I'd rather see stars than land.
Set sail on a shipwreck for two,
with you and the truth-
wondering which will serve the backhand.
even if you had a single thought
beneath that golden toupe,
i wouldn't pay a penny
to hear you stumble
through a sentence.
you're grasping at straws
as you spew your vitriol,
peddling snake-oil
a reality TV show host
floundering amidst the shipwreck
of a failed state.
impotent
bottom-feeder,
you have no power.
you're digging a deeper grave
with every single syllable.
another salacious scandal
to bury you alive.
fascist, your days
are numbered.
<em>no pasaran</em>.
we will rise like lions
after slumber,
unvanquishable.
you're bound to lose.
cower, racist coward.
if only your ignorance
would die with you.
your days are numbered.
Footprints
I saw footprints in the snow
I had to follow where they go
Tip toe'd in every step
To keep my feet from getting wet
Over Hilltops, through valleys
And forests of pine
I traveled and traveled
Snow blind to time
When the footsteps ended
It was once again spring
I traveled the world
and hadn't seen a thing
Stranded by the shores
of vast oceans blue
With very little hope
and nothing to do
Except watch pirates
catch mermaids
With lassos of gold
And dolphins tell stories
Of days of old
As all seemed lost
What did I see
That sent a wave of hope
Crashing over me
I saw footprints in the sand.....
I can't deny it anymore.
<em>I am in love with you.</em>
I didn't fall mind you.
I chose this.
I chose you.
And I can't help but feel
that I have chosen wrong.
That I have chosen too soon.
And it didn't help
that you chose me as your beta.
As your apprentice.
As your most trusted photographer.
Didn't help
that you nursed
all of my fangirl tendencies.
Didn't help that you claimed
to be my alpha,
my coach,
my captain.
Didn't help that you made me feel
like it is just the two of us in the pack.
Didn't help that you
verbalized my feelings
and told me
there is only us in the crew.
That I am your first mate.
The co-captain of a ship
That only the two of us can set sail.
The only thing is...
I am the only one shipping us.
And one day, you'll go canon
with someone else.
And believe me darling,
those canons can sink our ship.
Being called a wanker is something I dont mind
In fact it's really okay and it's rather kind
I don't think it is offensive or even a sick joke
Whats a man supposed to do without a cunt to poke
Okay he could stick his cock between two bits of Spam
But he really needs a hot moist cunt to be a real man
If her pussy's on the blob he could settle for an arse
The fucking of both these holes simply is pure class
There are guys who prefer a cock and like a manly bum
A tighter hole maybe prefered to make those fellows cum
To fuck a bloke if you're straight is an equivalent to a slum
Or even a taboo sexual act like fucking your own mum.
Manly cocks and dangly parts are really not for me
I don't bend to hairy arse it's not where I would be
Girly cunts and smoother bums is what I want to see
I'd rather wank my own cock than fuck a guys jacksy
Pulling a huge Horses Plonker only fools like Rodney Trotter
Or Blind Wizards with broken glasses like Harry fucking Potter
Don't wank on your cock to hard you may just cum a cropper
Especially if you spunk up in a helmet belonging to a copper.
I would never bash the bishop what would the churches say
To find me with a spunky hat and that their faiths turned gay
We don't want dirty clergymen who wank on the silver tray
Vicars fucking choir boys keep those cassock fanciers at bay

I would'nt choke the chicken because I don't think I could
But the staff at Kentucky Fried Chicken they probably would.
They would lick your spunk up because its finger licking good.
And use their special wipe up towel to clean up your manhood.
With its lemon fragrance you will have good smelling wood.
Around your shaft and helmet and beneath your foreskin hood.
Would I ever yank my plank like the pirates of the seas
The extention of my log when I'm on my fucking knees
My hand around my fishing rod and giving it a squeeze
Using a hand action to squeeze out my cream cheese
Cum is flowing down my shaft like honey from the bees
I'll keep pumping on my rod and creaming in the breeze
Have you ever seen those fellows praying down at the synagogue ?
From their own expressions they've been flogging their own log
Take a look at their robes the bottom stained with their eggnog
Either that or they have been fucking some old scruffy dog
I don't think that they bothered their heads are in a fog
With all that fucking worship they would fuck a big fat hog
So I'm slowly warming to it but maybe when I'm pissed
And I can't get no fanny and its the last thing on my list
I may take myself in hand my cock clutched in my fist
Then I may consider having a swift one of the wrist
If you end up watching then please excuse the mist
I'll carry on with the hope that my cock gets kissed
Because Wanking is an activity that in all honesty all men do
Something that comes to hand when you can't get a good screw
When your cock gets harder and we think of god knows who
We grab our piece of man meat and imagine that sex stew
I'llhave to keep on wanking I can never get enough
Off all that lovely pussy because finding it is tough
Nothing is more satisfying than diving in the muff
Legs open wide will always be something I will stuff
Instead of wanking I would rather stick it up your chuff
But I'll probably end up lookinga bit scraggy and ruff
So I will keep on going until my cock is old and worn
With all that fucking wanking whenever I get the horn
Popping my sweet cornels just like children of the corn
Watching orgy's and group sex or granny gangbang porn
Lay back down
while I whisper
sweet nothings.
I've never laid
eyes on something
so marvelous.
You're the buried treasure
to my pirate life.
Your sweet skin
rubs against mine
and tingles quiver
throughout my body.
Electric eels couldn't
do what you do.
Kiss my lips again
as our inhales and
exhales coincide;
gasping for breaths
we need but don't want.
Your lips are all I need to
survive.
Kiss me longer.
Kiss me harder.
Tell me how you feel
without using words.

I surrender my body
to yours and we are one.
One being within
two bodies.
You fill the gaps in my soul
I didn't realize were empty
until you blessed yourself
into my life.
You're everything I want,
and everything I never
knew I needed.
You're my greatest present.
You're so incredibly pleasant.
i over-worded my description of the first night
of winter, i did,
i took too much pet peeves in frank o'hara style,
conversation i perhaps wish i had,
i was aiming for an example of imagism,
like the origins of movies, silent cinema
imagism is best described by silent cinema,
images don't speak, you have to speak for them,
the whole venture into the first signs of frost
got me tangoing or foxtrotting muddled with me
feet that translated for the tongue to be akin,
i should be repentant for it, and i am, yours truly,
all i wanted to write was the extract
i was trying to work on on foot -
<em>at first i noticed the frost
and served up simile upon simile
if not metaphor in the vein of consent
to exclude any association with metaphor,
or as i might collectivise such dissection
of poetics: neither, clich upon clich,
the sparkling diamond sawdust,
the speckle of frozen tears,
hushed stardust of entered atmosphere...
but then i looked keenly at the frost,
on cement and on iron of car bonnets
and roofs... the stars not numerous enough
to be compared with,
and after much deliberation it dawned on me;
the frost appeared as if paparazzi epileptics,
or like a thousand photograph camera flashes
in a stadium of staged pop music...
along the linear tread of my feet the frost
change kaleidoscopic like that, like red carpet concentration
of the desired object for newspaper print CELEBRITY,
like a stadium where something memorable
must happen in order to ignite the need
for flash photography: yes, the frost appeared like that,
the frost appeared like that tonight,
and the stars were set free in revelatory constellations
where once the constellation , where once
it too gleamed</em>
still too much, i think, if i'm going to be an imagist
there's a further need for a 3rd revision:
<em>frost like paparazzi flash photography
appearing on sheen of metal alloy</em>.
there, that's it.
but of course tonight, and in hope of not over-wording...
with first night of winter where frost and clear sky,
find upon the second night the incubator of the sky
being overcast, and with the temperatures warmer
from the skyline of skeletal constellations missing,
snow falling:
<strong>with first frost one night,
expect snow the second night.</strong>
i love winters in england because there's this smoky scent
about them, burning cinnamon, and it reminds me
of home, of the child that left home
in order to become part of the "grand" multi-cultural
experiment, where multi-cultural evidence is apparent,
esp. in questionnaires regarding a necessity to pour
ethnicity into questionnaires:
white british, white caribbean (pirate), white some other,
republican irish, volatile irish, absinthe on fire swiss,
black british, flemish red indian beetroot, ginger or scottish,
other, some other, many others, punned origins, or just
simply etc.
but the cold of it... the multi-cultural capital with about 200
tongues that's london? i'd see more smiles in a graveyard,
more adults in a debility congregation,
more of anything anywhere elsewhere, it's absolutely horrid,
i have to warn myself in order to say: more warmth in
you now, than ever, and not elsewhere esp. outside.
dammit, already over-worded - one last line about the meagre
snow that fell today...
not meagre enough like an inverse ostrich though,
under a street lamp, head turned into the abyss of night,
watching the prickly snowflakes fall
as if a star trek canvas, slowly but assuredly
with head angled to a crow perching hunchback reverse,
there propped, propped like that,
watching gentle snow fall as if alluding to me:
a step cosier to being closer to the moon.
When I was a child, Pan was my friend,
With others I refused to play,
Except for those reminding me,
Of that long, lost, youthful boy.
Playing along and following the pond-
To the stream that led out to the bay,
Just a ahead in the woods was where I called home,
A land of adventure and joy.
As time went along,
I was forced to grow strong,
Veering from my childish ways,
My life steered off course, by that Pirate, of course,
Swabbing decks, cleaning bilges,
Slaving through days.
Nine years hence,
Spending many a wench,
Its back in the woods I reside.
Be it a curse, that might sound right in verse,
My heart yearns to be back, living life by the tides.
only among poetry do you feel so
guilty having written much and read so little;
then come the chances to appreciate other genres,
and having appreciated such genres, become
all too willing to change
the genre of your expression
into something worth attention
when none was required;
such is poetry, an art of beatified
speech where there was none
to begin with;
and where adequate reading was enjoyed,
no other arithmetic of adequacy
was expressed, given the tongue's
complications of usage, i.e.
no beauty whore joining him
for a scene at the opera, blah ha;
no tsar that met him ever left talking
about him with a feeling of jealousy -
the concert of concubines
and the nagging of the tsarina to keep up
appearances:
now watch the nagging darwin in me
with a monkey's face doing the juggling act
of ooh ooh oh ooh for the mouth's
shaping into a protruding of lips awaiting a trumpet!
blows a desire of the many sires, and hence the shipwreck
of the aristocratic hearts gathered into a populace
of a little city without silverware and serf hands
providing the chess moves of moveable silverware
for entre, main and dessert of edibles macaroons: ah those
feasting eyes and corsets... how eager the scythe in hands
that sweated for the eyes to be so tearful and yet unsatiated
at a table of candlelight and ahem aha manners of using napkins;
i'll concern myself with courtesy when i'm able
to express myself in saxon or bavarian:
burping after a carbonated drink at the table drank...
and indeed i'll ease out a fart on my way out from
the splendour to an applause: without a necessary crescendo
of my own undoing!
that's 3 weeks without a keyboard,
that's 3 weeks on a dual-detox -
that's that: roughly: antagonism
of: once upon a time...
there can only be one Hans Andersen,
and as the story goes: ol' granny
passed on the tales, without which:
no talk of posterity, and seances at
the theatre; alternatively: what if Kierkegrd
opted for opera, rather than theatre?
well: horrid is the task of dropping names,
as if being a village idiot, in that
capacity: giving directions... no such thing!
nonetheless: a horrid task...
3 weeks... without this horrid world-entanglement...
amphetamines in the wild west,
and yet... everything slows down...
that's 3 weeks without such ''luxury''...
and would you believe it?
3 weeks went by: in a blink of an eye.
strange, or what 21st century writers
fail to recognise: the fucking canvas has changed!
any-single-one-of-them bothered to scrutinise
this new canvas? anyone?
ah yes, it's still in its adolescence -
it's still: Dostoyevsky, scuttering in the grand
dungeon: that's the Moscow underground.
the canvas! the canvas!
and indeed, if this be some
bellowing horn, from the depths of some forsaken
place... i'll go into the street, and sabotage
civilisation with graffiti...
then again: i have the least
expectations, such that capitalism works...
poetry... and what investment have you made?
nil, or almost nil... evidently: zilch!
ah, but to have invested in canvases,
a studio, paints, brushes... see... no one sees
investment in poetry: primarily because the poet
has done the minimal...
unless of course it turns out to prod
with a hot poker something once resembling
nations... which now resides in the insane asylum
(even though those, have been abolished)
, nation - ooh! what a dirty word!
the left irksome sometimes uses it:
in theory: the nation-state...
and then there's the resurgence of
ancient Greece... in a sing-along:
maybe 'cos i'm a Londoner... brother! brother!
Athenian! Athenian!
but we are born into
a Spartan wedlock... no one really bothers to
rape our gob with Shakespeare...
then again that is the schizophrenia (alias
dualism) in humanity... thus, to be frank,
psychiatry can be congratulated, it has provided
one useful term... and i will use it, over and over again,
in a non-symptomatic way, because, i find,
it stands, as if the Olympic Graeae (Zeus, Poseidon
and Hades) eating the carcass of some inhabitant
of Tartarus...
evidently: tartar steak...
doubly evident: tartars, or the remnants of mongols,
settled in crimea, and elsewhere in the Ukraine...
tartartra-ta-ta-ta... ku ku ryku!
a ja fu! krecha! a ja znow... fu! radowit
uprzejmo... skaniam...
or what i call: rising spontaneously from the depths...
polymaths applauded, the tribunal resides in
bilingualism... trenches... history... perspectives
and current affairs... wicker man media...
so... an example of pedantry?
.... that's an orthographic dignitary -
an aesthetic muddle... as is
c-ha contending with samo-ha...
chcame from antagonism of
cz which was later antagonised
by  in eska.... say that: hen party
bound to Prague... in the Czech republic...
chk..&shy;.
i am, quiet frankly... standing at the feet of the tower
of babel... and i'm looking up, and i see
correlations, and i see decimal marks,
which, when given enough geography,
can seem like England and the isles,
and central Europe...
Iberia? phantom of Seneca...
eureka! let's begin, once again...
why is there a continuum beginning with
Plato and Aristotle?
we could become
reasonable people... told to deal with madmen...
we could claim beginnings with Seneca...
and Cicero...
and why? the Romans loved poetry...
the Greeks antagonised Homer...
the Romans loved Horace, Virgil,
Ovid... perhaps we should really forget
beginning with Plato and Aristotle...
the former has become a church,
the latter a dentist's assistant (minus the ancients'
concept of a joke).
evidently i have to finish off reading
Seneca... his educational letters to Lucilius....
moralising bastard that he was, thus, perhaps
a nibble at Cicero? but i must say:
it has to begin somewhere,
so not necessarily in stale-bread Athens...
and having such perspectives helps
in claiming casual conversation?
assuredly - if it doesn't involve talking about
the weather...
which is always a great mystery
if it's given enough aurora.
onto the mystery of dialectics,
as discovered by Alfred Jarry in his Faustroll
Pataphysics contraband...
nag&shy;ging agreement...
nodding without approval... (chapter 10) -
beginning with <em>  </em>
(you speak the truth, he replies) -
and ending with <em> o</em>
(how true that seems)...
and then some dub-step...
know nothing dROP! boom! jiggy jiggy,
get the rhythm.
as i always find it hard to look at
diacritical arithmetic...
given the following
represent a prolonging: hangman:
,  and ...
esp. in Finnish -
stratum: <em>hedningarna</em> tss on nainen.
rolling yarn, plateau, two dips;
and i will never say something profound...
i'll just say something no one else has said,
benefit of the doubt? somewhere, someone,
kneels at the same altar.
such are the distinction - invaders from the
north, and invaders from the south...
even with
crusading Golgotha mann -
the times? many bats, supers, spiders,
but not enough readings of thomas mann...
easily befallen into prune-nosed
high-airs... it comes with the diet of literature...
unfortunately.
and with yet another book:
i have burried yet another living person
i could have had a beer with, and conversed.
it always happens, every time i read a book
i have to attend a funeral... by reading a book
i have burried someone alive...
shame, in all frankness...
i will sit in a congested train, touch a breathing
body, and consecrate the touch with
a warring genuflect - harbringer of a Teutonic
passion for initiation: a komtur's slap across the cheek.
chequers played with passions...
and some have to be approached like
caged animals, their vocabulary as cages,
and the whole world before them:
cageless!
some have indeed become so encrusted in
their daily: routine, that it would take a zoologist
(thrice oh, begs some sort of diacritical marking)
rather than a psychologist to understand them...
like the darting dupes they are, enshrined in
20% gratis! smile! have a nice day! boxing day sales!
all but pleasantries, fathoming the grave.
stiff vocab and all other kinds of perfume...
a king and his charlatan knights,
who are merely ditto-heads.
and not of this world, afresh -
among the nimble hands prior to birth -
surely there is: more grandeour in birth
that entry via a vagina...
the greatest pain of fuck...
and when the ancient treaty was signed
under the name: Augustus Cesarean - or
recommended for a need of aristocracy -
it was, for a time, the mana magnetism:
and such was the rule of poetry:
rather than a crown, donned the laurel leaves...
donned the laurel leaves...
and such was the covenant from ancient
foes when trying to assimilate the Jew...
three kings from Babylon,
the child in Egypt...
no good tides from Nazareth...
a crown of myrrh - later overshadowed
by dogmatic sprechen, simpler: thorns...
yella things... or <em>rzepak</em>, Essex is filled with it...
rzepak... so why bother adding a dot above
the z, when you get capricious and use rz to
denote the same?! thus a science:
voiced retroflex fricative... Stalingrad!
can you really stomach this kind
of jargon? if it wasn't for science fiction:
science would be twice removed from <em>gott ist tot</em>,
bollocks' worth of pondering, given the close
proximity rhyme... nothing that rhymes should
ever be taken seriously, it should be hymnal!
Horatio! mein lyre!
mein Guinness leier! rabbi krhe -
and they deem that virgin white when talking:
thinking? i'd prefer Cezanne in real life -
maggot wriggling and all...
as much eroticism
as bound to a dog slobbering its testicles:
which means fuck-all in an almighty stance
for a dollop of halleluyah in Nepal.
well: pretty talk, pretty pretty pretty: i feel pretty,
oh so butter-fly-e.
2 week stance,
sodom in autumn... but so many Swiss hues
coming from the same concentration of decay!
shweet!zeit-ser!and that's me talking
kindergarten german: innovation begins with
a fork and a spoon, should the tongue come to it...
i see a poem,
i see something worth bugging... c.i.a.,
f.b.i., hannibal's lecture in Florence, Venice for
the rats... bugging... shoving...
shovelling... necro grounding, rattling...
windy via north... Icelandic...
drums along incisors of abstract gallop:
violins... fringes of the mustang... airy airy...
all regresses toward the Vulgate...
like fuck, like said, and the only pristine
stress comes with vanilla ice-cream,
or a medium-rare beef hump! hmph!
fa fa fa excesses with that hurling
puff...
and i did finish Kant's
critique of pure reason... minus two calendars...
but, so help me god, the 2nd volume was hiding
under some corner...
thus, from <em>transcendental methodology</em>
came plump apricots, plums and pears...
sweet decay fruit baron...
and it's called sugars in the intricacy of pulp...
lazily grown, dangling on that caricature of
a formerly known: full crop of wheat-crude fringe.
2 years... honest to god!
but so many books in between...
i was given a recommendation...
i cited it already... <em>kraszewski's</em> magnum opus...
29 books...
although that's history fictionalised...
but nonetheless, it really was about
the cossack uprising in the 17th century...
and it was, as i once said, something i can forgive
<em>sienkiewicz</em> - the film version,
as in: i will not read a book once it has been adapted
to a movie... it's self-evident that too many
people have read a piece of work and are gagging
for a conversation... but where's the playground?
fucking cherades!
chinese whispers and a Manchurian candidate!
i thought as much.
and whenever it's not a preplaned
escapade, what becomes of the day?
was it always about a stance for <em>carpe diem</em>?
syllables: diem.
carpe is said with more lubricant.
corpus diem. well, that's an alternative, however
you care to think about it.
and whenever you care to think about,
the proof is there: mishandling misnomers:
poets as tattoo artists... although no one sees the ink,
signatures on a reader's brian (purposively altered,
toward a Michael Jackon he-he, and other:
albino castratos the church venerates!)...
that's 3 weeks in a catholic country...
3 weeks... if only the football was better,
i'd be called Juan Sanchez...
but, evidently, the football is bad...
so it's catholicism on par with a sleeping inquisition...
no one really expected Monty Python to conjure
that one... because it never really took place,
not until a trans-generational exodus
postscript 2004... once western brothels were exhausted,
and the Arab started fucking a hippo...
then it was all about lakes and rivers
and Las Vegas 2.0 in Dubai!
you say quack... i say:
easy target.
and they did receive a blessing from Allah...
enough ink to write out Dante's revision of the Koran,
and some Al-Sha'ke'pir to write a play called:
the Merchant of Mecca.
last time i heard, when the reformation was
plauging Christendom, no one invited the Arabs...
these days i think the little Lutherans of Islam
watched too many historical movies...
me? pick up a crucifix and march to Jerusalem?
and is that going to translate into:
blame the populists! blame the nationalists!
it's like watching a circus... why is the Islamic
reformation asking for third party associates?
i was happy listening to
<em>the klinik</em>... albums: eat your heart out...
time + plague...
once again: the world narrative
gags for enough people to conjure up
a placebo solipsism... and that's placebo
with a squiggly prefix (meaning? how far
that ambiguity will take you) - ~placebo...
well: since existentialists were bores...
it's about time to head for Scandinavia
and ask: is that " '' for passing on
an inheritance, or better still: ripe for
acknowledging ambiguity?
and if you can shove this
into your daily narrative... you better be
a connaisseur of chinese antiques...
frailty... then again, theres: hentai;
well hell yeah nigga'h, it's a murky underwold
after all.
and yes: that's called a petting word...
some say hombre, and we'll all be amigos
and muskateers at the end of the story.
finally... i feel like i'm writing
a poem that i'll never end...
why? it was supposed to be about
how John Casimir of Sweden championed
the crown away from his brother Prince Charles
(volume 1)...
the bishop of Breslau...
a recluse... couldn't ride a horse...
then again: nothing worthy imitation...
beginning with a donkey...
the transfiguration of palms
into whips... 2000 years later
talk of Hercules is madness... that other bit?
complete sanity.
well... if that be the case...
the book is there... i signed it, 2nd volume of
Kant's critique...

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | | | | Y| | | |
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
an oak... in a forest of pine...
an oak in pine wood...
then onto the wood of sighs:
aH aH aH aH aH aH aH aH
aH aH aH aH aH aH aH aH
aH aH aH aH aH aH aH aH
aH aH aH aH aH aH aH aH
aH aH aH aH aH aH aH aH
aH aH aH aH aH aH aH aH
aH aH aH aH aH aH aH aH
(somehow the surd escapes,
and later morphs into, but prior to)
a short script: variation on MW...
pears' worth of blunting runes:
opulance s and  - versus z,
congregation minor: the interchange, ,
buttocks and boobs, minus phantoms of erotica.
yet, taking into account trigonometry...
sine (genesis 0), and cosine (genesis 1),
orM W
(no Jew would dare believe the Latins have
the second 'alf of the proof: that loophole of all
things qab-cannibal-mystic - cravat donning
mystique - a flit's worth of sharpening,
or dental grit... flappy tongue,
flabby oyster, lazing for a crab's palette)...
so?
1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0
1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0
1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0
1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0
1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0
1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0
1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0
of course there's an
I<em>
Aspiring to reach the solar rabbit hole eclipse
--climbing up the well,
the photon test tube
sodden and crusted on the outside
by angsty
adults
snorting obsession
through The Manhattan Project straw.
The pirate boy wanted to be named
Skip--so determined Alice named him,
Skippy, conqueror of blueberry mucus
--he reminded her of sidewalks
she found far in the misty woods
--no one walked
the unexpected like him.
Each placement of a pore: a bat cave
a depressed skull
a hollow exploit
a lame sex joke
a mildew plop
Almost certainly this cadaver matryoshka doll
would be human by the time
the two runaways
were born again Hallelujah! The dish breaker is crowning again
back to the galleons, rotting awkward candles.
"Leave what is human in
inhumane
places." the well speaks.
Skippy tears the corners of his lips
to his ears. Alice turns her temple to the sharpest part
of the monumental
test tube
and cracks her childhood back to the bottom
--back to Euphoria. light poles open
up faces and throw their lights to the ground.
Both of the thrift store
lovers continue to climb--ripping off purchases
to the beggar's tin cup.
</em>II*
Severed hearts beat without metaphor
as the empty vessels that hold them.
Spines sing of freedom like centipedes
facing fan blades.Pirate boys mock the smoker's language
of mutiny.
Devalued skin,
dirty armor
casted,
lowered,
teased, by the cadence
of tumbling blood.Marking territories other brother's can smell
Obediently, we see what
gods are doing to them. They're paying
for drawing the different suits of God
on the cave wall.Hit jobs--vacuum spoils,
sucker punch postage stamps
--revenge from a peaceful creator
forcing the two to climb/climb/climb
back to a speck
where dandelions grow
from the revolution fetus and graphite,
&amp; tongues, &amp; lips, &amp; nerves, &amp; veins &amp;
wolf spiders pour down/red matter clusterfucks.
August 19, 2015
The question keeps occurring, "Why am I sitting here at my computer, trying to come up with an idea on which to write?" After all, it's only 4:30 a.m. and the coffee has already become too cold, so "Hello, Keurig, again!"
On the screen, a still photo of my grand-daughter Emily, in the kitchen of her home, dancing with a broom, while supposedly sweeping the floor. It was Christmas Day, 2014. It's currently my profile photo.
(Excuse me while I go warm up a donut)
"I'm back." Don't know where her older brother, Evan, was at that moment, probably in the den putting together another "Star Wars" LEGO set he got for Christmas. He has most of them. By the way, Christmas 2015 is right around the corner, and don't forget that "Talk Like a Pirate Day" arrives next month on September 19.
"Yea, I know what you're thinking. "
copyright: richard riddle-August 19, 2015
I am coaxed into slumber:
A gentle tide swallows up my consciousness,
And relief washes over me like a wave.
I find comfort in sleep, like how
Van Gogh found comfort in the colour yellow.
But, a boat cannot stay in the middle
Of the ocean forever. The sailor
Must reach shore, or risk becoming
Another shipwreck.
Quickly!
To the phone booth
So we can go and meet
Edgar Allan Poe.
I've built a new capacitor
Using only the blue
LEGO bricks.
<em>(More efficient.)</em>
Let's go climb a mountain!
We'll go buy swords
And capes
And go slay dragons.
I'll use the treasure
To buy a spaceship
So we can go even further!
I got you some bottled hurricane
Just in case.
We need to go
And buy some milk first.
Try not die when we get to the store.
First stop, the morgue!
There's been a murder.
Bodies everywhere,
Dreadful business.
<em>(Put this hat on, would you?)</em>
It's a full moon tonight,
And I have tickets to see
A dogfight.
We should probably-
No!
I have a better idea!
It involves dinosaurs.
And...
Time travel!
And...
Pirates!
And...
Bears!
And...
Actually...
We're back at home
With cups of cold tea.
You're reading a book
And I have a problem with that.
<em>(Don't know why.)</em>
Also,
We're out of milk.
Smooth sand, crisp clear waves
Sunlight for days and days
I stare into the ocean in a slight haze, lost in my thoughts
The waves like my life, some small, some big, like lessons I've been taught
I came here for peace, serenity
To just forget for awhile and stare into what appears to be eternity
The sunrise bright in my eyes
Making the torment transparent I carry inside
That reveals me, leaving me open
Yes what you see is true, I'm not just a saint,that I also sin
I'm not really that different than you
But when you look at me, you see the shipwreck, and think that can't be true
I'm not the only one with scars
Or the only one wishing on stars
The pain I feel inside is deep
I tell no lie, I do not want to continue to row what i seep l
I confess to it all
No one pushed me down, no I had a bad fall
Took me so much longer than I thought to get back on my feet
To try and sort through the pain stacked in tall piles so neat
I start but I have to stop from time to time
It's too much and sometimes I'm taken back that it's all mine
That it's self inflicted
I had no clue my hatred for myself was so wicked
I guess she needed me to wake up before I never got the chance to again
Suddenly I knew I wanted things better than they'd been
As I watched the waves crash on the shore, it all becomes clear to me.
I fell and I'm up
But I gotta get movin
I'm sorry if you get left behind, I asked you to stay and follow
But this journey will be my own
I'll return a stranger, just as you became a stranger to me
I shake my head, stare deep at the clear blue water and it hits me
The water splashes my feet as I get closer to the ocean
It so warm, so inviting and I dive into a wave
The water takes over and I feel completely at peace
And my journey begins..
Travelers ye be warned
for he who enters here
may never return.
once ye smell da beasts fowl breath
there be no turnin' back.
Death may be a-waitin' on the other side
aye, but he who knows were da boundaries are
he be da one to make it to da riches.
Not talkin' about ye gold lads
every pirate done laid his eyes on da treasure
on enterin' here died in these shallow waters.
Ye treasure is da adventure mates
look around ye men,
da beasty, is ye gold.
The cutlass of the mighty Pirate Captain,
Points to a lone island,
Locked away from man by water,
The cutlass points to the salvation of scallywags,
It also pierces the foes of the ship,
And prods at the back of the man,
Who now walks the plank,
To a watery grave,
Locked away,
In Davey Jones,
Cold lonely Locker.
BAS
you that turmeric has the same properties as saffron, right? oh sure sure, you want yellow rice, you plop a teaspoon of turmeric into the rice being boiled, and poof! out it come, yellow. saffron is for pompous people, but turmeric is the same as saffron, plus? it's way way cheaper, and it does the <strong>same</strong> job.<em>
at the local (supermarket) -
and i can't feel the bitter loneliness
while walking down an aisle
of ready-meals...
to be honest, walking in a graveyard
gives me a more cheerful aura
than walking in the supermarket...
but there's something even more sad
than what i already cited:
i.e., graveyards seem more abundant
in happiness that supermarket
aisles...
at the check-out, being asked for my age...
31... beard like pirate,
just asking: huh?
dude, you're 24, i'm 31, even when i was
16 i wasn't asked for my age
buying cheap cider in an offie (off-license)
or a porn-mag (ah, those days,
where you would be publically "shamed"...
but then in the 00s,
porn sites were infested with
the trojan virus...
you didn't know which ones were
legitimate)...
so yeah,
try buying a porno mag these days,
ha ha, good luck;
oddly enough, in belgium there's no
weird aura buying such a mag...
even if you're under-age.
so back to the supermarket...
people just desperate for a conversation,
to break the professionalism
of politeness...
the routine: (a) do you have a club-card?
(b) do you need help packing?
(c) how will you be paying?
all of this must seem like listening
to a hammer a hundred nails per minute...
so we start talking,
beards, age, dogs...
and it's not even a sign of being extroverted,
rather: i need to talk more words than
this function allows me...
oh, a black labrador?
nibbles on your beard?
how old do you look?
shave it off, you'd look 20 / 21...
'you're going to be my new best friend,
i'm actually 24',
well, you know, us white "dudes"
reach their full facial potential in
our late twenties...
talking:
blah blah blah, blah bah black sheep,
i could do with just referring to
a dog's barking, or a cat meowing...
still...
people in supermarkets, in ready-meal
aisles,
begging for someone to rescue them
to cook them a meal from scratch...
what do all these people do with the time
in between buying a ready-meal
cooking it in a microwave for 15 minutes
and then what?
can't be all t.v., surely?
where's the joy of watching ingredients change
colour, and exfoliate like buds into flowers
in late spring?
cardamom... probably my favourite
ingredient... yeah, cloves...
oh fuck me, a bay leaf...
cinnamon, sure sure...
still,
i find more happiness walking through a cemetary
than that eerie lonliness and sadness
of ready meals and un-drunk liquor
as i get, walking through a supermarket.
p.s. i really wasn't thinking or implying
ginsberg's ode to whithman that
begins with:
what thoughts i have of you tonight...
homo-eroticism: perfected on paper...
and that's where i like it,
on paper...
if it's homo-eroticism it's best performed
on paper...
and sure, *michel de montaigne</em>
on melancholy -
top three cemeteries? o.k. four...
<em>pre lachaise</em> (paris)
<em>newington cemetery</em> (edinburgh)
<em>old calton burial ground</em> (edinburgh)
<strong>kirkut</strong> (ostrowiec w.)
the last one? jewish, with the burial stones
stacked against each other.
You lift the blinds
blinking
A message in a bottle
in the ocean between our homes
But you are a jellyfish
(<em>When I was a child
you laid there
tender without oxygen
you blue little jellyfish
in innocence i tried to save you</em>)
But you are a jellyfish
And I am a lighthouse
I can't save you
Only (<em>mis</em>)guide you
The seventeenth of March
Is like our own little Christmas,
Thanksgiving, Independence Day,
And Fourth of July
All drunkenly rolled into one
When us Irish and wannabe Irish,
Sing our same old songs
Will repeat our tired mantra,
And do just what
The Irish are expected to do.
To watch nice green parades,
While sipping on nice green milkshakes.
To be drunkards and happy-go-lucky,
Doing our best Riverdance impression to fiddles,
Because everyone wants to be Irish.
Today we'll act like we only drink Guinness.
Where in a place full of craic and merriment,
There's still so much blood and tears.
Where the only snakes are pets or in zoos,
There's still so much venom.
Of course, there was never any snakes
Only metaphors for Pagans and Druidic priests,
And St. Pat wasn't even an Irishman,
Just a boy made into a slave by Irish pirates.
But everything always gets covered up nicely.
Stories get changed and sensitized,
Until the truth becomes a theory,
And fabrication becomes fact.
The truth begins to wear a veil,
Because it's considered so ugly.
The truth is also a beacon.
A flashlight against the dark.
Dark as the confessionals
Where a child's innocence was
Crippled by
The lukewarmness of the priest's
Hand over their mouth.
A flashlight against the dark.
Dark as a septic tank in Galway,
Filled with eight hundred dead babies,
Throw away,
Like shit, because they were
Equally unwanted.
A flashlight against the dark.
Dark as a night flight
To an English abortion clinic,
Because here it's not your body,
The righteous all knowing say
"That's not how it works here".
So drink your Guinness,
Sing The Dubliners,
Watch the parade go by,
Have the craic and
Turn off your flashlight.
THE BLACK SEED
The Black Seed of torment
the haunter of dreams
Looking for lost souls
scatter it's seed around the land
among the rich harvest of the good
The Black Seeds,
digs deep in their own decay
Dark Angels' eyes
when he turns to look at me
are like two empty mirrors
I didn't find myself in them
only the dark of the weeping
He doesn't speak or gesture
He never follows when
I run from the dark rooms
He provokes me in his silence
He seems to look at me without a care
he brings so much fear
He stares deep in the night
like he is lost in another time
I had always been afraid of his kind
I grown afraid of the dark
Because Dark Angel left his mark
I know in my heart
he will always be a big part of me
we are inseparable from each other
we are like the changing wind
Lost in shipwreck of time
he is always on my mind
Black Seed is he, eating away at me.
Poetic Judy Emery  2004
every stage of this session
this press &amp; decompression
feels unbearable
memory like pond water
hazy copper-toned
recollections of clarity.
this melancholia
is supposed to be an omen,
a sign of tides turning.
resurfacing from depths despicable
yet, they are familiar, recognizable.
the world above
moves overwhelmingly fast
for a shipwreck whose
every sigh is an essay
each blink creates ripple-wave-typhoon-tsunami--
feeling forced,
but too medicated
to crawl back to
that which my fingers twitch for.
AWAKENING
Sleep and slumber, dreams of wonder... weaving,
mornings vacuum broke the spell
Pitted pillow, note of parting... leaving,
from your friend, a fond farewell
Sunrise throbbing, twilight aching... grieving,
daydreams, flashbacks, nightmares knell
Pale phantasms, visions sneaking... thieving,
plot to fill the empty shell
12 DELIRIA
1st Delirium: COLLAPSES
Fractured sky bolts, billows bursting... rumbling,
heavens tighten, turn the vise
Horsemen saddle shafts of lightning... tumbling,
jagged highways must suffice
Ruptured skyways, hailstones crackling... crumbling,
naked pearls of paradise
Toxic tongues of laughter stinging... stumbling,
ocean buckets choked with ice
Droplets drumming, thunder muzzled... mumbling,
washed out whispers pay the price
Smothered blazes, cinders smoking... humbling,
ashes shaped in sacrifice
2nd Delirium: DESCENTS
Asphalt alleys, ashen faces... frowning,
blowing bubbles, chewing gum
Drinking ale from tavern tankards... downing,
moonlit beads of painted rum
Stony stars and sea misshapen... drowning,
humble rivers rhythms hum
Apparitions aspirating... clowning,
diamonds dying , minstrels strum
Incandescent candles conquered... crowning,
vacant vapours, cold and numb

3rd Delirium: FATES
Tempest turmoil, tapered turrets... holding,
dungeons, dragons, chains and racks
Wheels of fortune, Tarot temptress... molding,
Hangmen, Towers, One Eyed Jacks
Sand dune castles, cryptic candles... folding,
warping walls of liquid wax
Idols colder, combed and coddled... scolding,
hide in fissures, peek through cracks
4th Delirium: LOST SOULS
Sunken cities, pilgrims peering... gawking,
squinting eyeballs, blazing sun
Janus facing, shepherds chasing... stalking,
friends embrace before they shun
Tearooms steaming, tumult teeming... talking,
lovers listen, poets pun
Broken stones unanchored, quaking... rocking,
slipping, falling, one by one
Beaten pathways, footsteps marking... mocking,
wedged in webs which spiders spun
Circus shelters, big tops tumbling... locking,
people pacing, soon theyre none
Numbered exits, zeros numbing... knocking,
midnight daylights days undone
Moon blood shackles, shivers shaming... shocking,
starlight striders streaking, stun
Hushed but harried hermits waiting... walking,
restless rainbows on the run
Pixies, elves, and echoes bouncing... balking,
fading fast when dawns begun
Bantum butterflies are flitting... flocking
sometimes conquered, overrun
Hocus pokus, seers focus... squawking,
voodoo wavered, witchcraft won
5th Delirium: INTROSPECTION
Sundown furnace, fires fading... coughing,
dusky dew drops drain the air
Empty chalice, sipped in silence... quaffing,
thirsting shadows unaware
Looking glass and lattice scorning... scoffing,
local loser gapes and stares
Faces covered, dancing naked... doffing,
peering inside, hope despairs
6th Delirium: THE VOID
Tales of taboos, mystic mythos... missing,
windows shuttered, bolted door
Kindled candles, tongues and anvils... hissing,
heavy hammers, echoes roar
Dark deceivers, raven charmers... kissing,
draging demons from the shore
Hopeless hollows filled with doubters... dissing
standing empty - nevermore
7th Delirium: SEARCHING
Martyred monks haunt runic ruins ... waiting,
banging broken bells below
Vaulted hallways, voided voices... grating,
churning Chinese chimes aglow
Granite graveyards, spectres spooking... skating,
blackened bushes, roses grow
Midget dwarfs seek mutant migrants... mating,
packing parcels, ice and snow
8th Delirium: NIGHTTIME
Throbbing drumheads, fingers blazing... steaming,
coins of copper, beggars plea
Rusty residues of resin... streaming,
opal amber filigree
Orphan shades in shallow shadows... teeming,
steeping twigs in twilight tea
Cloister doorsteps, Prophets gaming... scheming,
tracing tracks of destiny
Blacksmiths blanching, horseshoes glowing... gleaming,
partially sheathed in black debris
Phantoms feigning, nightmares scathing... screaming,
dusty dreamers drifting free
9th Delerium: EMPTYNESS
Water wheels in wastelands... turning,
drowning relics in the slum
Rumpled rags of fashioned burlap... burning,
lit by bandits blind and dumb
Pastured prisons, ponies bridled ... yearning,
forest fairies under thumb
Sounds inside of cauldrons coughing... churning,
blaring bugles, tattooed drum
10th Delirium: ALIENATION
Rain unravelling, wistfully weeping... falling,
treacle trickling, fickle sky
Mushrooms sprinkled, visions sprouting... sprawling,
seagulls drowning, dolphins die
Rabble gasping, spirits broken... crawling,
lonely lonesome swallows cry
Babbling brooks and breakers ebbing... bawling
puppies paddle, puppets sigh
People passing ripple past me... calling,
rainbow colours, collars high
Chaos seething, lepers looting... stalling,
stealing stallions on the sly
Pencils pausing, scholars scrambling... scrawling,
scratching scribbles, asking why
11th Delirium: JETSAM
Silver sails sway pallid pirates... prowling,
Jolly Rogers, wind and sound
Parrots perching, tattered feathers... fouling,
tethered talons, tied and bound
Shipwrecked foghorns, trumpets stranded... howling,
spiral springs of time unwound
Magic moonlight, shimmers shaking... scowling,
burnt out matchsticks washed aground
Prairie wolfs, coyotes calling... yowling,
witching hours, midnight hounds
Tightrope walkers, grizzlies grunting... growling,
seeking islands, lost and found
12th Delirium: RELIEF
Slumber shattered, vapours captive... haunting,
chained in mirrors, breaking free
Scarlet skylines, daylight dawning... daunting,
rivers rushing to the sea
Silence softens, sandmen whisper... wanting,
piercing rafters, turning keys
Shadows shudder, notions fluster... flaunting,
moonbeam bullets meant for me
Mind in migraine, meadows trembling... taunting,
sparrows speak in harmony
REAWAKENING
Pitter patter, teardrops paling... pearling,
salting scarves in secret drawers
Mist amongst us, smoke rings rising... curling,
climbing from the ocean floors
See-saw circles, senses swerving... swirling,
swept away with silver oars
Courtyard jesters, sceptres twisting... twirling,
push the past to foreign shores
Passing pangs of passions heaving... hurling,
burning bridges, closing doors
Roses wither, icons waning... whirling,
time decays and time restores
When I was young,
fairy tails filled my head.
And I could be a lost boy,
Fighting captain hook.
I was never the princess.
When I was young,
Playing was all I did,
but I climbed up trees,
and splashed in streams,
never touching Barbie dolls.
I was a boy back then.
It wasnt till I grew,
that I became a lost boy.
Was it when the boys stop playing with me?
Was that when I broke inside?
Lost in a world,
In a world not made for lost boys.
So I let them put makeup on me.
I let them buy me dresses.
I pretend to fancy other boys.
Lost my true self,
But hints of him were there.
He was smart and
He was brave,
He was imbedded within her.
But as he grew,
She saw him,
She heard him calling her.
Save me, find me.
We are a lost boy.
I am a lost boy,
but its not pirates Im fighting.
Im fighting to be just a boy.
One who is a boy,
No matter what they say.
I am a lost boy.
One who is reclaiming what they took.
Reclaiming my body.
I must relearn to be a boy.
Just a boy.
This lost boy cut his hair,
hides his breasts.
He stands tall and proud.
Because he knows,
He is a boy.
I am a boy.
It doesnt matter what you say.
I know what I am.
So I will return from Neverland,
And wave goodbye to my lost boy
Lively silvery torments,
mere golden tingles,
hours never gone off.
I keep watching over you,
poetic genius,
damned genuine,
learned rebel,
sensitive archetype.
Could I forget your voice
and the thousands fascinations of yours?
Utopia, my pirate.
Its only my foolish desire
a dense kaleidoscope
of languid coincidences,
all vain, but certainly
mystic consolations.
Breaking bonds
Like haunted hearts
Inside lost jars
From sunken ships
Lost at sea
I'm lost you see
&amp; I can't tell you that
Cause it's not up to me
[<em>Anymore</em>]
Prometheus ignites to spark this
Molotov to make his Marxist
On swine Fuhrer's Faux News tweet
Hashtag it #GorbachevWallStreet
'Cuz Putin's puppet Pinochet's
Whipped Creme de Kremlin's CIA
From JFK to Allende
Like Russian roulette ricochet
I'll Trotsky through McCarthy brains
Leave slain these booger sugar Keynes
Discred the Feds six-figureheads
With strikes at dawn more red than Debs
I see Rouge when they change regimes
Fuck Greens, I want them means machines
Who count the sheep like Philippines
Then Black Pearl Harbor GRANMAs dreams...
Of Marilyn Monroes in store
Just off-shore whores who fuck the poor
A Glass of Steagall's broken trust
Half emptier than bowls of dust
In rust beltways still spewin fumes
As factories become Khartoums
No carbon footprint tax the hint
Of Amazon decays in Flint
Just pop the caps and drown in debt
Like Kent State drinkin' to forget
That cuttin class engenders race
Leaves glory, gold and God's disgrace
To slaughter Moor than Reconquista
I, Marti indigenista
Zapatista sharin crops
Till my Mexica heartbeat stops
I'm Pancho infiltratin villas
The Magilla of guerillas
In the midst of bourgeoisies
Same colonies of Boston TEAs
To me, my breeds of landless deeds
So how you like dem Appleseeds?
Reeducatin caves of youth
Fed Citizens United Fruit
Cuz my enlightened eye of Horus
Battle cries Grito de Lares
Che is centered in these veins
So my Ashoka takes the reigns
These Iron paci-Fists pack hits
Like Jimi on some Malcolm shit
Still Hajj mirages I barrage
The Raj with sheer Cong camouflage
Deployin' Sepoys on viceroys
And poll desPots in the employs
Of Tweedledums who run the slums
With country clubs of loaded guns
These Betsy Deez bear arms to school
Till no kids fly kites in Kabul
So gas-mask your Sharia flaw
I'll Genghis Khan Sheikoun it raw
'Cuz refugees are rising
And we're anti-socializing
Subsidizing private party plans
Who take commands from pussy hands
These grand old klans coup klux control
Your diamond minds with mines of coal
An oil Standardized existence
Solar powers my resistance
Bastard sun of Liberty
My fear itself is history
Rewriting wrongs of Leos creed
In cultures blood and vultures greed
An alt-right/all-white cockpile
Stockpilin' human capital
Intricklin contests over spoils
Of the cotton-ceded soils
Jingos chained to Cruci-fictions
Swallowin' good Christian dictions
I spit Spanish Inquisition
Trippin' Socrates sedition
Droppin' Oppen's fission quest
For "now I am become death"
'Cuz G-bay pigs in-Fidel's sites
Flew U-2's into my last rites
These Saddamites, I smite Assad
Then spread 'em like Islamabad
Convert for-profit prison tsars
From Escobars to Bolivars
Like currency in Venezuela
Current police state favela
Where 9/10th's of your possession's
Worth less than your Great Depressions
Upscale bail em outs of jail
With Dodd-Frank banks too big to fail
Your FDA-approved psychosis
From Campos daily dose of
More defense? Heres my two cents
These slave wages aint excrements
So just say no to Reaganomics
Got us hooked, but not on phonics
Just the Noriega strain
Of Contras trained to stack contain
Like MAD dogs who trade weapons-grades
For Ayatollah hate tirades
On dont ask, dont tell plague ebonics
Drug crusAID Jim Crow narcotics
Warsaw rats injected, tested,
Quarantined, and still arrested
Guess the J. Arbenz' lens
Still Tet offends their ethnic cleanse
From Wounded Knee to Standing Sioux
Till Crazy Horses stampede you
For Mother Natures common ground
My Martin Luthers gather round
Is hellbound sounds of Neros muse
Lit fuse this third world Reichstags ruse
Vox populyin to remove ya
Like Lumumba then Nkrumah
So some Pumbaa kleptocrat
Declares himself the next Sadat
To hide supply-side Apartheid
Increase demand for genocide
So check your factions in Uganda
Tune into Hotel Rwanda
Come play pirates with Somalis
Then desert em like Benghazis
Thirst for blood so French Algiers
It boils mine in Trails of Tears
My destiny unManifest-
Oppressive Adams Smithen West
So pay your overdues to Mao
Ill Mussolini Chairman Dow
Then flood this 9th ward Watergate
With killing fields of glyphosate
I'll redistribute IMFs
With left so deft youd think its theft
Ill My Lai massacre these lines
With sweet Satsuma samurhymes
I'll make these Madoff Hitlers squeal
With that Bastille New Deal cold steel
Now feel that Shining Pathos wrath
Drop Nagasaki aftermath
On Nanjing kings and dragons Diems
With napalm bodhisattva zens
To show you how I pledge allegiance
With razed flags still wrapped in Jesus
Laosy liars pogrom psalms
Cant Uncle Phnom my Penhs truth bombs
On heroes shootin' heroin
My fix is un-American
Tiananmen democracies
To Syngman Rhee hypocrisies
Theocracies drive me Hussein
With Bush leagues mass destruction claim
So I dig laissez pharaohs graves
With pyramids of Abu Ghraibs
Then nail their coffers closed like Vlad
I am the ghost of Stalingrad
My hammer forged in winters past
My sickle reaps the shadows caste
By pantheons of pentacons
Whose Exxons lead to autobahns
When liberal Arts of War and peace in
Free speech teach my voice of treason
"Fuck the System"
<em>It goes like this</em>:
Skylar is standing on the bow of a great ship as the waves hang back, awaiting the first verse to sweep them below the deck.
<strong>Eviscerated</strong>
Deep below the surface are pockets of disintegrated flesh and bone marrow, reforming into some confused invisibility.
<em>Which way is up</em>?
The direction of your escaping breath, upside down, right side up and inside out.
Breaking the roaring sheets of stormy ink, out pokes our unseen antagonist, with the likeness of blackened angels.
As the pirates vessel dips and bows, ebbs and flows, shifts and sways through the chopping waves, a self destructive undertow manifests.
"Your Mistake"
Alice and Skylar fight and claw at one other, one for salvation, the other freedom, cycling and recycling ad infinitum.
Pointlessly, as the growing momentum soars through the ship, sending it careening toward the stone monument.
<strong><em>We are the broken ones</em></strong>
One final leap necessitates the most dire of sacrifices - this last hill of deep blue begs for the wind in our sails.
"This is for my fallen composure -
Let the flesh tear from my throat -
As I unleash these intestinal binds -
Love of my life".
<em>She screamed so loud you could actually hear her vocal cords rip</em>.
"Tempt Me, Temptation"
The sails whipped open so violently a gory mist showered the sea in scraps of human skin and poison blood.
The face collided with the tower so powerfully, they twisted into each other as strands of DNA being splayed open by nuclear radiation.
<strong>Such is life</strong>.
It ends with us blended into a foamy slush of liquefied garden mulch before the whirlpool finally settles.
<em>Not so different afterall</em>...
Tears soak the shreds of my heart
Falling from the eyes of my soul
Washing clean blood strains,
Of yesterday's wreckage
Our love life, a lost ship
Amidst the vast open sea
Strongly surviving countless storms
Until last night, when all changed
The night was beautiful,
A hollow moon and infinite stars
God's magnificent work of art,
Till when clouds swam in, and covered all
Lightening struck in every direction
And the god of thunder yelled with rage,
Calling forth the typhoon of the western Pacific
Stirring violently, dark clouds
The goddess of the sea raised her tides,
To height like one of the sky,
And then, slammed them onto our deck,
Sinking us into the deep waters
I thought we were dying,
Watched you drop motionlessly
As my eyes shut slowly,
At our ending life together
And yet, opening once again,
To a clear blue sky,
And your beautiful face,
Smiling back at me
Is it a next life?!
Cause I so desire to live with you
So you place your lips onto mine
Kissing them softly
To which I know,
That life, has for sure blessed me with another chance
To create more memories with you
On this lost island,
Where our ship wrecked
Do you know where I am?
I'm holding on for dear life
And I can't see a way out.
Your storms of sorrow
Block out all hours of daylight

You stand alone
The world holding you down
I gasp for air trying to save you
But I'm losing the strength
To pull you free

My touch glances' your cheek
Yet you can't feel my love
So close to your warmth
The cold bites my finger tips
I'm losing a battle
To win you from all obscurity

We're lost in here together,
Between two continents
Sailing oceans far from home
Stars that used to guide you to safety
Now fail in the dim light.

I can't find a way
To get to you
To see this through
I've lost my faith
Drowning in your distress
Trapped within this shipwreck
I wish
I wish
upon Jack Star
for
pirates on a
jaguar
for calypso
hip though
mine needs replacing
to be always facing
the sun.
I wish
I wish
and now
I'm
done.
Clutters of broken emotions
Floating on the salty sea of tears
My heart is a shipwreck.
I have learned
Disturbingly
To settle into fear, like an old house settles on its foundation
Sinking by the year.
It used to rise me-
It used to pick me up and batter me
Like the surf batters stones on the ocean floor
Tossing them and beating them upon the rocks.
Now, like an anchor or a shipwreck I...
Settle.
I stay, hard and heavy and dark
Pinned in place and dully aware
Dully <em>waiting</em>--
For a storm to send down debris,
Or the sun to lance through the waves and touch my cold face.
I settle.
I am here, in fear,
I am here
And I am tired
And I refuse to use my strength to struggle in my nets.
Instead, I sleep. I wait. I
Settle.
Some acknowledge it better than most...
The halfway point of your life
For some...
Achy bones
Tiredness
Memories
The fact they can remember 1978
Some will see their aging faces
Wrinkles in their hands
Some will hold onto their youth
Like a match light...holding onto it
Desperately...in their own futility
For some itll happen on a beautiful dawn
Tell themselves
Its ok. Ive made it this far
Continue their journey
And some will watch their Youthful Ship
Pass the beaten wooden pirate
Frigate
Sometime during the night
Obviously,
the path
to salvation
took a detour
and missed
my house.
That's OK:
rather Pirate Hell
than Christian Heaven.
Finer wenches
down there,
better beer,
and anyhow,
I am allergic
to clouds.
~mce
To be a pirate the things I,d see,
the high waves as the ship goes
up and down, down and up on
the sea. Arrr I feel sick over the
side I will mostly be.
Swab the decks so they be as
clean asthey can be, darn this
boat of wood the splinters I be
getting, Ibe needing tweezers
and me mummy.
I want treasure, I want to bury
it where no one can see, I,ve done
this many times but I keep forgetting
as I have a poor memory.
I want to be a pirate, the things
I would see, but I want to put my
flag on themast a smiling skull it
would be.
I,m not a normal pirate as they
seem to say, I be to nice, and
I,m not very good at sea As I,m
always over the side giving the
fish food that comes out of my tummy.
I,m a pirate all can see, Idont
have a sword as I alwaysbe cutting
my tummy, I dont think I,m cut out
for this life upon the high sea.
I think ill do kids parties with my
ballon sword, no more cuts for me just
out of breath, as it keeps popping in me.
My choclate coins I must remember
are not to buried or to eat, there for
the children arrr no choclate for pirate me.
Ohthe ocean
the only one i know
and i don't wanna swim
if it gets too cold
And the motions
of love get old
and i wont settle for silver
when i once had gold..... when i once had you
Oh the commotion
of my emotions
led me to the night my soul was sold
i don't wanna grow old knowing the truth wasn't told
Both paper my heart
and the letter that you hold
let it be read as my heart
it unfolds..... for you
If my heart is my compass
then X you mark the spot
ill find my gold
and let it go i will not
If someone ever loved you
well i hope it would show
ill find my lovin'
your my compass rose
so ill swim these parts of the ocean
where the lonely get cold
someday currents willlead me
to somewhere you'd call home
Once a filthy pirate
I reap what i sow
and i don't wanna love
without love from my gold! HA!
Stephanibaby
you scam me in so many places,
urgently ubiquitous,
contact me ASAP
on gmail,
cause we got so much in common
you want to borrow some bucks to;
ransom your brother,
claim a bank account
you'll gladly share,
buy your own freedom from
a Nigerian pirate,
my oh my
what an imagination,
ever try you hand at
writing poetry?
babe,
you so deserve a poem
all your own
Ms. Stephanibaby
we got so much in common,
we both scam the hearts of man,
you profit and for gain
inflicting some pain
free of charge
me, with words,
free of charge,
just hoping they will
charge someone's heart
I see they deleted you account,
no worries babe,
you will always have a place
permanently here
now that
I have immortalized
you girl
in free words of
humorous contempt
Man the lanyard! Over the sea!
To lands unknown to you and me!
The wind blows south, my merry men.
The ale flows free, to heaven then.
To Sea, to find my heart aflame!
To Sea, to find the dragon's claim!
Salty air, on dark stormy winds
Fair, rock our ship, to pieces then.
Tossing freely, dancing wildly,
Spinning to the rhythmic pounding.
Passing time on deck and mast,
From the crow's nest, we hear at last.
Land Ho! Land Ho! Captain!
The very land that has been sought.
Rivers of silver, mountains of gold.
Paradise for Pirates, so I'm told.
now you are good,
now you are getting down to the heart of it,
at the foundry of unknowable craft,
the lost and last of nothing.
walk the protoplasmic plank you postulant wretch,
swing from the bronchial branches pirate man,
fall down into the cellular sea and watch how death comes drifting up on a floatee giraffe, picking it's teeth,
the great hooded zero,
the moon monster
crouching underneath the light,
a black ship against a black night,
and all of the dark and strangling silence ringing like dead bells in the mist.
and when you find this devil, this man, this thing you think there is,
what will you give it for all its troubles, eh?
where the world tilts and drips
into the darkness of forever,
and you are nothing.
nothing.
nothing.
We need more pirates
A few Robin hoods
Not forgetting Ghandis
And others who give a F###
The worlds in the shitter
Religions half to blame
The rest is down to the ruling class
1700s again.
ATOS are the healers, Lib Dems are all confused.
UKIP are crazy and Labour's coloured blue!
So let's have some pirates some men stuffed full of rum.
Do a Guy Faulks and this time
BLOW THEM UP!!!
I remember when the days felt golden because I, felt emotion. Hotter than lava burning brighter than gold I was alive. I remember days twisted into nights well the days feel more like the nights now my daze complicates my thoughts. My thoughts complicate my emotions I feel like when I go on that viking dragon pirate ship ride you know the one. The one that flies high, makes your stomach twist into knots makes you want to throw up. Pure ecstasy when you fall down I am falling down. Down deeper than I ever meant to go sometimes I feel like I need to go need to find where I started and climb back up.
I remember when you looked at me and it looked like maybe I was able to save you. Now I need to be saved and I feel like Im being left alone, to my demons they dont take a day off. Thoughts dont take a day off. Memories, like itching in my brain they dont take a day off. Itching in my brain its like my own cruel version of PTSD, made up by scars on my mind I swear baby Ill get better I just need to take some time. It feels like Im gambling and trust me Im not a gambling man I dont know the difference between black jack and poker so imagine my cards on the table Im being forced a hand I dont want. I never asked for any of this I never meant to be the cause of your sadness I just wanted what was best for you.
I know its not the logical solution, so imagine this: Its like my brain is attacking itself, its the big bang imploding, exploding I am a supernova. A nuclear reactor going in the red zone, a plate of eggs being cooked on the pan. Suicide never seemed like such a good choice but you know thats where mental illness comes to play, where my demons arent demons I know they arent it feels like it though so where do I go from here? Where do I go on this stepping stone path? I want to get better for you I dont want you to leave or be burdened by my pain I am stuck, I am scared. I need to know things will be okay that maybe you still want to fight for us but I cant trust the doctors, I cant trust the mental ward. Its in my veins this mistrust maybe a therapist would work and Im two sided on the pills.
And so I think how to get out of the hole Ive dug and dug but no answers were ever found. I feel misplaced or misused or overused or something I Cant. Quite. Grasp.
I think of the days that were golden. When you looked at me with such happiness and its still there but its my own fault if that disappears. Its always going to be my fault. So please, dont be surprised when one day I am gone. If that day ever comes at least understand I went down fighting. My thoughts in the form of some devilish creature, I grasped its neck and it grasped mine. But its grip was tighter. At least know that I love you.
Rising from the sand at low tide,
The shipwrecks spars, brown wet, decaying
Reaching like skeletal fingers, grasping
For one last piece of the breaking daylight
Tentacles of seaweed, woven
Wrapped around decaying planks
Anchoring it firmly
To Davy Jones Locker
Barnacle encrusted planks
Lie twisted, turned, unnatural
Frozen in a final plea of mercy
Before white tipped monsters
Crashed across the bow,
Splitting,tearing masts
Sending it to the murky depths
Where mermaids swim and pirates fight. Where lost Boys sing and dance All night. I'll remember the pages written so well, time will fade the Sirans spell.
Captain Rackstraw ~
Log entry 05
Today off the cost of shantytown, we saw a group of pirate ships passing by. They did not give us any trouble; in fact, they even offered to buy some fish from us. You see the pirates are not the bloodthirsty group of thieves that many British officers portray them to be. They are only strong-willed men who dare to venture the great sea and make their fortunes by praying upon the naval fleets. If only they could be remembered for the strong souls they are.
~Close Log
I'm searching for your loving gaze
in strangers eyes and shots of vodka
I lost the sense of butterflies the day
you told me you didn't know what love was
after telling me days and nights how much you loved me
i don't have any photos from when
we were our happiest together
but that's okay, because I have memories
of us when we never fought
and little spots around the island that can
take me back to a time that once was
too many times I can count where your little heart begged for me back
when you knew I could wake up to
an unfamiliar face
for another day
and I know if I gave you a third opportunity to
hand you my heart on an IV and stretcher
only for you to tend to it for a week and
forget it was ever there and make up excuses
as to why you couldn't care for it
so tell me why you cry for me the most on late winter nights
and search for me in your sheets to grasp my last lingering scents
when it was you from the moment I met you
up until the spring solstice
but it was you who couldn't tend to a heart that needed the love in the first place
I searched for your empty touches in menthol cigarettes on nights we'd argue
over why you never had the time for me in the first place
but would drag me out to sea to find all of your shipwrecks you allowed and applauded
when all I wanted to see was the stars above the wrecks
i miss the mask you put on in the summer that faked smiles and affection
but I got the harmful tattered mask you put on for your enemies
I just wanted to take off your masks and see the real you
the one I know is under all of the sadness
the one who I could've loved
maybe you'd understand too if I showed you the masks I burned of my own
but I burned them the day I came to terms that my heart was taken by you
don't you get it?
I'm not coming back
but my heart keeps wanting to drag me through rusty needles
to convince myself you'll let me in
but my heart and brain have the same conversation every day
brain reminds heart about the long nights of crying and heart says she can do it again
but I don't want to
I don't want to be hurt anymore by you
I don't want to be turned down anymore by you
I don't want to be reading your poems about me
When it was you that pushed me away for the third and final time
And expected me to run back with open arms for you to love me for a week and throw me to the side again
And have my friends yell at me again and again for taking you back
'Because I love F more than words can make sense of it'
I can't even finish this without saying I'm done
because it isn't done
because you
won't
free
me
after
you
cut
the
chord
you won't let go
when I said "I'm not going anywhere unless you force me to"
didn't you hear me?
you pushed me away, f.
you pushed me away.
Love is Love
Weather black or white
Straight or gay
Love haves no color nor preference mate
KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
Isnt this the simplicity of being? The ultimate irrefutable answer
to every question and questions only make us upset
- then I can see in my tracks
the black spot.
They said among pirates it was the mark of death
William isnt afraid of dying and says its pointless
if you want it because it puts an end to
nothi
Yes, kid, I speak no lie when I say
That Ive seen the whole world with my eyes,
Ive sailed through waters, trudged barren lands,
Climbed tricky mountains, dived from high skies.
Different masters, differentcreases pressing
Into my not-soft but not-so-hard skin, Ive graced
Different shoes of different colors,
Materials, textures and shapes!
A hundred years Ive lived in the best shoes, yes sir.
Finest, smartest leather sole, thats me.
Dont go by the frayed edges, kiddo,
There ain't no place where this black body hasn't been.
Ha! Look at those young eyes grow big already.
I hope you dont faint in awe when I tell you
The story of the famous hunter who would
Silently surf deep jungles in his pointed boots.
Lions would yelp and tigers would weep,
For he'd never miss a mark when hed shoot!
Or the one about that daring pirate whose lucky sole I was!
Only with me would he climb wealth-laden ships to loot.
Or maybe, that one, about the valiant soldier,
What an honor it was, kid, to accompany him as he ran,
Gun in hand, grit in heart, yours truly in shoe,
Single-handedly slaying armies for his Mother Land.
And you must have heard about the mighty landlord?
No? the one with the bungalow with a thousand rooms?
No? the one with the gold and silver in piles?
No? oh I was there too, inside one jewel-studded shoe!
Your ten-year old imagination cant even wander
To where Ive been for real.
And after an exciting lifetime of adventure,
I just decided to retire, and <em>so</em> I ended up here.
Little mouth opened and shut in wonder,
As the tattered sole lay in his hands covered with dirt,
He listened in rapture to stories of victories and riches,
The tales penetrating his innocent heart.
<em>O great leather deity, come with me, Ill take you home,
Youre going to have fun with me too!</em>
He squeaks; takes a piece of rope and ties the sole
Around his uncovered right foot.
And walks away, pleased, hitching up
His rag-picking bag on his thin shoulder.
One foot strapped with discarded, torn leather,
The other, dragging bare over the earth.
IN CHRISTMAS IN 1997, MY NANNA DIED, AND THE MESSAGE SHE SENT, TEASE BRIAN, CAUSE HE IS STILL
LIKE US, BECAUSE, IF BRIAN WAS REALLY THAT SMART, HE WOULD REALISE, THAT EVEN NOW WE ARE
PROTECTING HIM, YOU SEE MY NANNA, WANTED BRIAN TO FIND HER NEXT LIFE, BUT I AM SURE I HAVE FOUND HER
HERE, YOU SEE, BRIAN REALLY LIKED CHRIS PLAYING THE GUITAR, SO MY NANNA LEFT HER LIFE, TO TRY
AND FIND A WAY OFF THE OLD LADY IMAGE AND INTO THE YOUNG DUDE GUY IMAGE, IN HER CREATIVITY
YOU SEE MY NANNA, YA KNOW, WAS LOOKING OVER ME, YOU SEE, SHE USED TO KNIT, AND SHIT
AND AFTERWARDS, SHE MADE A CUP OF TEA, WELL MY NANNA IS NOW FROM THE YEAR 2000, NANNA
BECAME JOHN ROBERT RIMEL, YA KNOW HE PUT HIS STUFF ON YOU TUBE, YOU SEE MY NANNA IS
A YOUTUBE PARTNER, I KNOW HE IS MY NANNAS REINCARNATION, BECAUSE, HE HAS THE SPITTING
IMAGE OF WHAT SHE VIEWED IN ME, OR WHAT SHE SAW IN MY DECEASED DAD, JOHN ROBERT RIMEL,
WHO WANTED TO KILL THE OLD FOGIE THAT NANNYS WORRYING CAUSED, AND MY NANNA GOT INTO
MY HEAD, SAYING, ITS ABOUT TIME YOU TOLD YOUR FAMILY YOUR BELIEFS, LIKE YOU BELIEVE IN REINCARNATIOB
BUDDY, AND DONT WORRY ABOUT WHAT YOUR VOICES SAY, OK, I DIED, TO GET OUT OF THAT, NANNA SAID
AND NANNA, SAID, IF YOU WANNA DO MY LEGACY OF CREATIVE GENES, DONT PISS PEOPLE OFF, YOU
SEE MY NANNA JEAN ALLAN SAID, I AM JEAN ALLAN NO MORE, AND I PREFER TO BE YOUTUBE PARTNERS WITH
YOU BRIAN, AS MY NANNA SAID, THAT SHE IS JOHN ROBERT RINEL, A YOUTUBER LIKE BRIAN, AND MY NANNA
STILL WANTS THE VOICE OF PAT, ONLY BECAUSE, IF YOU REALLY CARED FOR THE POOR, EVEN FOR KIDS
ITS EASY TO CARE, BUT MY NANNA GETS WEIRD VIBES FROM THAT, YOU SEE MY NANNA WAS SORT OF DOING THIS
TO GET CLOSER TO HER GRANDSON CHRIS, CAUSE, MY NANNA GIVES HER NEXT REINCARNTATION JOHN ROBERT RINEL
TO JAM WITH MY BROTHER OR HIS KIDS, BUT, HE LIKES TO BE IN THE HERE AND NOW, BUT NANNA RESPECTS THAT, BUT
THAT IS WHAT BUDDHA DOES, IS RESPECT, YOU SEE MY NANNA LIKE IS NOW A MUSICIAN, BUT NANNA HAS BEEN TEASING ME
SAYING, SHE ISNT THE BOY IN ADELAIDE WHO SAVED THAT LADY, OR THAT RUNNER AT THE BELCONNEN GAME, NO, MY NANNA WAS
TEASING, TO SAY, OH NO, SHE WOULD DO THIS, LIKE BE RUNNER AT SPORTS EVENTS OR SAVE ADULTS, BUT MY NANNA, AND
IS JOHN ROBERT RINEL, SO SHE CAN MOVE ON, RATHER THAN BE A LITTLE OLD LADY WITH FLOPPY ARMS, SO MY NANNA SAID
YOU SIT THERE DOING YOUR TAPESTRY, BUT DONT EXPECT ANYONE TO SMILE AT YOU, OR BETTER STILL, DONT MUCK WITH YOU
IF YOU, FIND OUR REINCARNATIONS, OK, BRIAN ALLAN KNOWS PAUL BERENYI IS JACK VIDGEON, VIBE AT THAT CAROLS IN THE DOMAIN
AND DAD IS ELIZABETH ANN CAMPBELL, AND JEAN ALLAN IS JOHN ROBERT RINEL, BRETT EGGINS TOOK KIDNAP VICTIM, ADAM WALSH
UP TO REINCARNATE AS THE OLSEN TWINS, MARK JONES WAS STEVEN BRADLEY, WITH VOICES OF REINCARNATIION BOTHERING HIM
MARK DRANK COKE, BUT DID NOTHING ELSE, SO HE IS SUPER 3 YEAR OLD LIAM, FROM THE COKE, I DRINK COKE, BUT I WRITE STORIES
ABOUT MY REINCARNTIONS I WAS GREAME THORNE, PATRICK DUNBAR, A CAT AND A DOG, ALBERT WALDRON, A HOTEL PORTER AND CLEANER
GEORGE WASHINGTON BLACKBEARD THE PIRATE, ISABELLA OF FRANCE, THE 323 YEAR OLD MAN CRONUS HANSEL AND ST NICK, AND DANIEL MESSIAH
AND MY NANNA NOW IS REACHING ME FROM THE TOP, SAYING, NOW, MY NANNA IS JOHN ROBERT RINEL, THE REASON WHY I KNOW ITS MY NANNA
BECAUSE I GET VIBES, YA SEE, MY NANNA WANTED TO BE MORE LIKE MY BROTHER, CAUSE SHE KNEW I DRINK, AND SHE WANTED ME TO OUT LIVE DAD
BUT I KNOW THE TRUTH, BUT I WANT TO KEEP IT ON THE INTERNET
JOHN ROBERT RINEL, YOU WERE MY NANNA WHO DIED IN 1997
BUT PLEASE. LET MY NANNAS CREATIVE SPIRIT FLY OVER YOU, SHE KNITTED, YOU DO MUSIC ALL CREATIVE
YOU ARE THE NEXT GEN UP FROM MY NANNA, JUST THE REINCARNATION CREATIVITY
(Chiara was talking to Francesca in their shared bedroom.)
Chiara said,
''I like to watch you painting while playing the piano.
We're both passionate about painting and music. I think this
Is why we like each other; '' '' you can sing the high soprano.''
''We shared this love of Arturo; as he died, so passed our bliss.''
Francesca replied,
'' What did you say about sharing? I was only his daughter.
''I loved him enormously; I wished to give birth to his
Girl; '' ''Your dream was like the image of a star in the water,
Because he wanted a boy, and you should be some kind of wiz
To give birth to his boy; '' ''All my valuable books about
New discoveries and religion burned on that carrack.''
''I'm sorry to hear that; I liked them; there is beyond all doubt
That our spiritual Eden is secured from the devil's attack.
Francesca continued,
I've thought of the book you had read as I've thought of a visual
Art form; that monk and that nun were in contact only by
Knowing God to get an equilibrium; that biblical
Space was like a ship never sinking, where the people didn't die.''
Chiara replied,
''I've tried to understand God; we must be pure to meet Him.''
''They are educated through prayers to love God and to
Maintain their virginity; I thought that love was for a whim,
When it was based on attraction, not for a marriage; '' ''It's true.''
'' Love must be rational to develop over time while
Finding fulfillment in being a mother; '' '' These mothers
Are devoted givers; there's a lot of bliss in their smile.''
''A husband must love his wife very much; '' '' Closer than brothers,
The man and the woman in togetherness must live,
But no love can save you if you do not want to be saved.
I think you run into the art's world your mother's death to forgive.''
''If my dad had really loved her, she would not have died.''
'' Your thinking is totally wrong; your father was not
Orpheus to save her from her inferno of life.
She didn't accept her human condition; he loved her allot.
You're like your mother while denying everything in this strife
With your fate; Lucca made a mistake when he married you.''
'' Indeed, I did not feel free. Maybe it is because I was
Forced to marry him while my sufferings were painted new.
Why was Lucca talking with Ivan? '' '' I tell you why, it was because
Chiara continued,
Ivan was released from the position of a serf.''
Lucca wanted to know the mindset of the exploited class.''
''As a diplomat, while walking down the end of the Athens wharf,
Lucca studied Ivan to know if he was cruel or crass.
Chiara continued,
As a wealthy man with a political power,
A decision-making capacity and some business skills
To avoid some complications he had a desire.''
'' He had charming manners and talked concisely about rents and bills.''
Chiara replied,
'' All his life he had worked to increase his wealth and to make
A career in diplomacy; this is why he was forty
Years old when he asked you to be his wife; he wanted to take
Care of us; he paid your father's remaining debt payments
And this trip while wanting the stability of our family.
And how did you reward him while rejecting him
Or being cold as an ice when not doin' what comes naturally.''
''Chiara, he needed a positive image; '' '' your tears are dim.''
Francesca continued,
'' He took time to know his new family away from any
Social obligations; '' ''your father needed a groom like him.''
''Why? '' '' Because he had lived with his memories, much and many.
Der Eycks instrument is not new; his memory was slim.
He took refuge in the game world of the cards and destroyed
His property; '' '' But those who played with him were your friends; why
Didn't you save him? '' ''I couldn't do anything; to avoid
This misfortune was impossible; your love will set awry
If I tell you a secret I hide for fear of hurting you.''
Chiara's eyes gave Francesca a real scare, '' I know he was ill.''
''Your father didn't love you as you thought; '' ''How can this be true?
''He didn't care of you while passionately playing cards till
Chiara continued,
He lost his fortune and wanted to commit the suicide.
Do you realize that we could live as poor women
While lacking any support and having nightmares inside?
I've told your father about Lucca; he sent me to you then.
Lucca was the son of my friend and she told me her little
Secret; I thought Lucca would help consolidate the debt
Of your father with a loan, but his intention was a riddle.
I had to convince you to marry this man; a roulette
Was your entire father's life; all I could do was to listen
To my husband; the gold was more important to him than
You have ever been; '' ''Before the neighbors could find what was missin'
I had to marry; but when my father was rich, he had
Many relationships, he could borrow from one of his friends.''
''Dear, his relations have deteriorated because he was
No longer a reliable man; '' '' friendship never ends.
Why did Lucca want to marry me? '' '''He trusted my word; applause! ''
(Francesca started to cry. She had a conscience. Chiara was her benefactress.)
(To be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
the taste of demise is in the back of my throat. it's stale and frigid. the coldness of the sweat dripping down my face makes me shudder. is this it? i know i'm still alive, for i can stand. the dead are unable to stand. the dead lay down in caskets. the living stand upright.
unless they're on the cusp.
what is one to do if you're standing with a hunched back? are you dead or alive?
this beautiful dress that's wrapped around my frail bones is the only thing keeping me warm in such an outbreak of chills. maybe i really am passing, for i am closer to the ground. my mind is becoming a psychological shipwreck, i can't bear to stay grounded. my heart is weak and my legs are shaky. my eyes aren't staying open. maybe that's what happens when you die. it's almost like a trance. it's an altered state of consciousness. you're halfway evolved, but not fully. you don't really know where you are. you're here, but you're not. what scares me most is that i know my fate. i know what lies ahead. the dreaded fate of being forgotten. when you die, you lose everything. people who once cared so much will eventually dry their tears. i'll be nothing but a memory.
i can no longer stand.
i am nothing.
this is short and sweet,
things have soured,
was in the ocean,
found and trusted a raft,
was I daft,
now been cut adrift,
raft is rotten top to bottom
to the core of the heartwood.
there is a rift in
my naive trust
of circling sharks
of pirate people
who disarm you
with kind words
then throw nets
trap the free
flight our birded wing.
She flies no more.
Broken wings,
can't be restored,
Bullies sometimes
dress in suits and ties
and where brotherly
and sisterly disguises.
So sad
With the window open
the moon through the screen
was showing the curves
of your body like roads
that could lead anywhere
islands not on any man's map
and so, I dreamed
your dark fingernails
were pirates coming aboard
flogging my back
and the soft down of your ass
was like gold dust
that only makes a man lust
for more, and your crazy hair
that couldn't be brushed
one strand ata time
in a storm, a real soaker
that came drenching me
as the wind that dark wench
was cursing and calling
me bad names, oh but
not the kind I mind, you see
when I sleep in the darkness
of my ship searching for a port
to make a hard landing
where I can tie up and ride
the squall out bareback
until morning comes again.
I will bridge the gap between today and tomorrow, with this newspaper pirates hat and this wooden sword I borrowed.
I put on my favorite red PJ's the ones that cover my feet.
I close the curtains and lock the door, so mom and dad can't save me.
I put all my toys in the toy box, and lock it down tight.
He is clever but I am smart, he's not using my friends against me tonight.
The only one left out is teddy, the bear with only one eye.
He is the oldest of all my friends, it is good that he is willing to die.
I turn off the purple dog night light, I will need the element of surprise.
He will give away his position with his breathing and glowing eyes.
The backdrop changes, I am six foot four, my blade is curved and razor sharp.
In its cave I have crept, I am here to cut out it's heart.
In the dark I stand, the bear is next to me.
I dig for courage in the face of fear, to be the warrior I have to be.
<em>"You have hunted me all my life, and I'm standing here to say. I have my red armor on tonight, and only one of us walks away"</em>
The creature moves like a nightmare, I slice and hear it scream.
Black blood follows the path of my weapon, as it surged closer to me.
With a perfect stroke, I hear it gnash and whimper.
With my blade dripping black, I turned it into a pez dispenser.
This little boy in red pajamas had bridged the darkness, it will echo through his years.
This little boy with wooden courage, had killed the demon called fear.
Sugar, sugar
Take me away
Sail me on your stream
Find me in my dreams
Sprint through my veins
Show me what it feels like to not know pain
On again, off again
I lose what I gain
You are a cloud and I am the rain on the riverbank
Watch me flow in waves as I claw and scratch like a fiend
Nothing is as it seems
I swear to god I am just living in a dream
However it is so tough to care when I am floating in this shipwreck
My body is but a vessel being carried by the loveless
It punches me and kicks me and stings me like a wasp's nest
I will wear this crown of thorns you call my regrets
And I will cheer and cheer until my vocal chords snap
We are living the best we can
So on and so forth we follow
These words are tough to swallow
But I wallow and I wallow and I do not dare to call you
Sadness greets a familiar face with a <em>"Hello, nice to see you"</em>
and with this I retreat
*The river and the clouds
of the white sugar sweets
If the sky was the ocean I would dive into the horizon, only to be known as an underwater pilot
See this is how I think of it this is how it rises, it bubbles to the top only to crumble in the climate
I'm a rebel in this human race, you're a pebble to a Titan.
My flow stays negative zero, see on the periodic table I'm element hero.
My element of surprise is like the federal bureaus, I always keep it sweet not short like churros
My thoughts are very crunchy like Pickles or pretzels
I shoot from my booth like two scud missiles, when I'm in class I just call dismissal
I never go for the gold only for the diamonds
I shine like the crooked eyes of the dead pirates
I might just adjust to the norm only to fight the righteous...this is a real flight I get hype off my own excitement..hype man hype it.
I feel old school reebok jumpsuit and some white kicks...every time I think of words I think priceless
My stylish words are furious..see they will get you high off their dopeness..don't sleep just enter psychosis..it's a new stage of awake, it keeps you focused...let's laugh...I'm joking...instead of reading this you should be choking
(Frederick was talking with Geraldine.
Frederick said,)
''My love for you will last forever; '' ''Our love must be strong
In this crowded emptiness of the wars around us.
You're a dreamer; '' ''I want to secure your life from wrong
And to do everything possible to make you be happy; thus,
(Frederick continued,)
I'll be sure that our child will grow up to discover his skills
And talents; '' ''He will be a successful man like you.
You're a good trader, but you take risks because you like these thrills.''
''I want to make money to buy a galley for my crew.
(Frederick continued,)
Spending less money than we make is essential to our
Financial security; '' '' We have the responsibility
To provide what is necessary for our life to grow in power.''
''To buy too many gowns and shoes you have an ability.
(Frederick continued,)
You've made this carrack be a luxury one before
Looking like a wreck; '' '' I wanted rich passengers to embark
On our ship; this way we could earn money; '' ''My dear, it's war,
But there is absolutely nothing wrong with this spark
(Frederick continued,)
Of interest as long as you dont go overboard.
Keep this unnecessary spending to a minimum.
This employee holding multiple jobs is all we can afford.
I've spent all my money on this carrack, causing pandemonium.''
(Geraldine said,)
''For example, Maya is an excellent cooker and a healer
At the same time; '' my love for you is passionate and true.
I've married you without your parents' consent; I was a reeler
While not knowing if I could have a future together with you,
(Frederick continued,)
But I wanted this family; '' '' You were well aware
Of the ships' condition and progress, but you weren't conscious
Of the importance of a fire on this wooden ship; in despair,
You've spent the money for food and fuel without my consent.
(Geraldine continued,)
That money had been given by the passengers to embark.
Now, everything is gone; all remained is almost nothing.''
''I had to merchandise and resist the attacks; '' ''A strong remark!
I remember that you sold some jewelry to buy something.''
(Frederick replied,)
''I remember that I've tried to face your jealousy
Because I love you very much; I remember that I was
In danger and I had to go on and face our destiny
As nothing was happening; our hope is stuck underneath its claws
(Frederick continued,)
And I dont remember if you took time out to support me
During any rather difficult day; you think like a slave
Lacking responsibility while you want to be
An Italian woman; '' '' I open my heart to crave
(Geraldine continued,)
That these slaves lack the ability to run their own lives
And are therefore happy with a system where their lives are run
By others; '' '' glad to know they're happy as husbands and wives.
There will be no slave to row on this ship under the sun.''
(Geraldine said,)
''Some of your sailors used much more freedom than I did, ''
''They were punished for what they did wrong; '' '' This latest mistake
Could lead us to death; '' ''I was caught in a trap, God forbid! ''
''You had no sailing experience; some dreamers must be awake.
(Geraldine continued,)
You trusted people too much and verified them too little.
''These pirates fight for a freedom that does not exist
While using all kinds of scams, while their life is a riddle,
While not being honest, and while hunting in the devil's mist.
(Frederick continued,)
The fight for an alleged brotherhood, equality,
And freedom promoted by these pirates is different
From any honest fight because they don't have dignity.
They destroy its ideal sense while being indifferent.
(Geraldine said,)
''Why do you say this? '' '' Some pirates accused me of supporting
A repressive policy against slavery while providing
Some groups with weapons and they still didn't stop annoying
Me because they wanted to know my secrets; my suffering
(Frederick continued,)
Fellows couldn't benefit from moral support; '' ''Tell me,
Some people like the aunt of Ivan could live better than
It was permissible; she had to pay bills; she wasn't free.''
''She didn't want to be enslaved, beaten and raped by her man.
(Frederick continued,)
It seemed that this situation had been abnormal for her
Until she turned the idea upside down; she couldn't deal
With all her problems besides running away from the star
Of the poor voices; '' '' so contrary to her ideal
(Geraldine continued,)
Was the reality of Ivan's mother that she was
Ashamed to continue her life, although she loved Ivan
Very much; her dignity was destroyed; I suffer because
I left my mother to marry you; no friendship is better than
(Geraldine continued,)
The relationship between a mother and her daughter.
This is why I appreciate the friendship between
Francesca and Chiara; '' '' these things don't seem to matter
When Chiara is not sincere; what happened could have been foreseen.''
(Geraldine said,)
'' I think that Chiara tries to compensate the absence
Of the missing mother; both Chiara and Carla are strong
Women and I've learned a lot from them, because, in silence,
They suffered for saving their husbands they wanted to belong
(Geraldine continued,)
While protecting their children. My family must be as strong
As my parents taught me to be; '' the women always say
They suffer in a marriage while being humble all lifelong,
But they want to prove that, without them, their men may go astray.''
(Fargo knocked at the door and gave them a letter, which was sent by the governor to inform them that the missing gold had been found.)
(...to be continued...)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Green as the pirate seas Caribbean,
her eyes pulsate with the thundering surf.
Majestic squall, power most stygian,
lurks just beneath the surface of her mirth.
The salt-filled breeze, a warm westward phantom,
imparts its lazy life to flaming locks;
brushes the kisses that from angels come,
caresses lips, a smile that faintly mocks.
Tropical dress clings to a body lithe,
swaying gently on the sand-covered dune
gazing at the sea, a creature of myth
spoken of in countless stories and rune.
Enchanted, I am drawn to my Siren.
She sings for me alone - the least of men.
we got a goldfish,
for my little boy.
a tank, some coloured grit, three plants not two,
must practise goldfish fung shu.
all the water testing guff
and of course a filter.
a sunken ship
and a treasure chest .
we paid the pirate...
and took our booty home.
so we set Bruce.
( for that was the name chosen).
up in pride of place on sidboard.
the list, above,
was positioned after meetings of commision. water tested to the highest degree,
filter fizzing, wizzing,whirring.
Bruce swam in his bag
in the tank,
for a time as instructed.
then released to a slightly larger freedom.
he swam and swam,
golden scales a flickerin.
we, (that being, mr just about three and his dad)
fed him, watched him poo, and eventually,
read Bruce,
a bedtime tale or two.
one fish, two fish by Dr Suess went down a treat.
the little man then,
was bundled off to bed.
thoughts of Bruce left our heads.
the evening lengthened.
we retired to sleep the sleep, of ignorance it conspired.
for in our planning we forgot one thing.
a devon rex cat,
who has a bath weekly,
a penchant for tuna,
no top to the tank.
so we thank the lord
for Bruce. however,
brief was his reign.
now we introduce
to you....
Murtle the turtle
who has a glass pane,
sitting above her head.
just in case......
the cat likes, turtle soup.
I drafted a list of films.
Thats all.
The Age of Innocence was nothing
more than a journey on a House Boat
for a few Pirates Of The Caribbean
embarking East of Eden in search of
The Secret in Their Eyes.
But all they encountered on this
Road to Perdition was The Birdcage
specially made for the Lord of The Rings
and anyone else willing to decipher
the written code inside it.
Nine Months passed and the captain found
that The Notebook of old Umberto D,'
as it turns out, was a text written
in Italian, not in broken English.
The captain was Lost in Translation
when he assumed it was written by
The Great Dictator who was behind
the wheel of the Titanic
the night it sank.
While this was As Good As it Gets,
The Talented Mr. Ripley
was suddenly In The Mood For Love
when another pirate translated the letters
of Umberto. The captain remembered himself
in a Wonderful Life as a Cast Away
entangled in the loopy, mystifying grips
of An Affair to Remember. It reminded
him of his youthful tryst with
The Princess Bride whom he lost to his
greatest nemesis, Forrest Gump.
The Odd Couple Departed as the captain,
out of envy, took the lives of Gump, his woman,
as well as The Lives of Others. Now, all the
captain was left with was the haunting
memory of a true beautys
Persuasion of an empty man
whose love was trapped like Beetlejuice
in the Brokeback Mountain of his
own wicked heart. The captain failed to
realize that Umberto had addressed the
letter to his lost dog, Flike.
Analyze This. Analyze That.
I once met a captain, three yards from the sea
In a tavern where only true sailors should be
This captain questioned if I was a We
"No," I replied, "I am both lonely and free."
He, too, could relate to a life in this way
His comfort came from the boat's gentle sway
And time held nothing but day after day
Yet my smile, he said, kept his ship at bay.
The captain, filled with both warmth and fear
Watched our faces in the tavern's mirror
Sadly, and tenderly, he declared it was clear
I was the shipwreck into which he would steer.
Sinking into the depths of the sea,
Her mind like an anchor,
Dragging her down.
But her heart,
Like a raft trying, forever, to pull her back up.
And finally the raft pops.
She sinks down.
Farther,
And farther,
Until the light of the beautiful sun
Won't even touch her fragile face.
Shiver me timbers
What's going on
I was dressed as a pirate
When I woke up this morn
I looked in the mirror
And let out an Arrrr....
I came equipped an eye patch
And a swash buckling Scar
I felt the strong urge
For grog, meat, and cheese
Went into the kitchen
Told the winch who lives with me
It's my new pirate attitude
That I have to thank
For the look that I got
And why I'm now walking the plank
When I arrived at the office
It wasn't the ship I'd hoped for
And security at the front desk
Barred me from bringing my saber to work
With all these modern day regulations
How's a pirate to get a break
When the only body of water nearby
Is a drainage ditch and man made lake
And the only pirate booty
That I'd hoped to see
Is right now swabbing the kitchen deck
While talking mutiny
Still the days barnacle adventures
Had a lot going on
As my head hits the pillow
I wonder what I'll wake up as tomorrow morn
In the morning I set sail
for New York.
You believe I can't sink.
You believe I can't fail.
You believe I will be the
greatest ship
in the world.
When really,
I'm just the
greatest shipwreck
to ever exist.
f.m.s.
silent eroticisms in the shadows of daffodils
make our plea to the plutocracy that bleeds us
salvation waits upon the stations furthest platform
for its train to depart
a miserable situation to be left without compensation
i have no doubt you are suffering dearly
from everything that went down
women are weaving bracelets
talismans made from hair, nails and rope
soap and sandalwood caress our souls
in cleanliness we find solace
as our weapons of separation
disappear down drains of hope
in retrograde venus renamed herself
open are the skies
open like the folds of skin between her eyes
ulterior power sources
song pirates sing of dawn's dying
she holds the key to our suffering
and turns the lock a little tighter every day
but if we turn our attention inward she may open it for a moment
and inside you will see your own reflection
a jewel shining on the surface of emerald waters
turquoise symmetry off the wings of a birds tail-feathers
i swam for centuries and landed on your shoreline
the missing continents revealed their bodies
in splinters of humanity i perceive hope that springs eternal
but its plunged back into the sea before it fully surfaces
like old volcanoes our minds are volatile
and only give forth new ideas occasionally
Build me straight, O worthy Master!
Stanch and strong, a goodly vessel,
That shall laugh at all disaster,
And with wave and whirlwind wrestle!
The merchants word
Delighted the Master heard;
For his heart was in his work, and the heart
Giveth grace unto every Art.
A quiet smile played round his lips,
As the eddies and dimples of the tide
Play round the bows of ships,
That steadily at anchor ride.
And with a voice that was full of glee,
He answered, Erelong we will launch
A vessel as goodly, and strong, and stanch,
As ever weathered a wintry sea!
And first with nicest skill and art,
Perfect and finished in every part,
A little model the Master wrought,
Which should be to the larger plan
What the child is to the man,
Its counterpart in miniature;
That with a hand more swift and sure
The greater labor might be brought
To answer to his inward thought.
And as he labored, his mind ran oer
The various ships that were built of yore,
And above them all, and strangest of all
Towered the Great Harry, crank and tall,
Whose picture was hanging on the wall,
With bows and stern raised high in air,
And balconies hanging here and there,
And signal lanterns and flags afloat,
And eight round towers, like those that frown
From some old castle, looking down
Upon the drawbridge and the moat.
And he said with a smile, Our ship, I wis,
Shall be of another form than this!
It was of another form, indeed;
Built for freight, and yet for speed,
A beautiful and gallant craft;
Broad in the beam, that the stress of the blast,
Pressing down upon sail and mast,
Might not the sharp bows overwhelm;
Broad in the beam, but sloping aft
With graceful curve and slow degrees,
That she might be docile to the helm,
And that the currents of parted seas,
Closing behind, with mighty force,
Might aid and not impede her course.
In the ship-yard stood the Master,
With the model of the vessel,
That should laugh at all disaster,
And with wave and whirlwind wrestle!
Covering many a rood of ground,
Lay the timber piled around;
Timber of chestnut, and elm, and oak,
And scattered here and there, with these,
The knarred and crooked cedar knees;
Brought from regions far away,
From Pascagoulas sunny bay,
And the banks of the roaring Roanoke!
Ah! what a wondrous thing it is
To note how many wheels of toil
One thought, one word, can set in motion!
There s not a ship that sails the ocean,
But every climate, every soil,
Must bring its tribute, great or small,
And help to build the wooden wall!
The sun was rising oer the sea,
And long the level shadows lay,
As if they, too, the beams would be
Of some great, airy argosy,
Framed and launched in a single day.
That silent architect, the sun,
Had hewn and laid them every one,
Ere the work of man was yet begun.
Beside the Master, when he spoke,
A youth, against an anchor leaning,
Listened, to catch his slightest meaning.
Only the long waves, as they broke
In ripples on the pebbly beach,
Interrupted the old mans speech.
Beautiful they were, in sooth,
The old man and the fiery youth!
The old man, in whose busy brain
Many a ship that sailed the main
Was modelled oer and oer again;
The fiery youth, who was to be
The heir of his dexterity,
The heir of his house, and his daughters hand,
When he had built and launched from land
What the elder head had planned.
Thus, said he, will we build this ship!
Lay square the blocks upon the slip,
And follow well this plan of mine.
Choose the timbers with greatest care;
Of all that is unsound beware;
For only what is sound and strong
To this vessel shall belong.
Cedar of Maine and Georgia pine
Here together shall combine.
A goodly frame, and a goodly fame,
And the Union be her name!
For the day that gives her to the sea
Shall give my daughter unto thee!
The Masters word
Enraptured the young man heard;
And as he turned his face aside,
With a look of joy and a thrill of pride
Standing before
Her fathers door,
He saw the form of his promised bride.
The sun shone on her golden hair,
And her cheek was glowing fresh and fair,
With the breath of morn and the soft sea air.
Like a beauteous barge was she,
Still at rest on the sandy beach,
Just beyond the billows reach;
But he
Was the restless, seething, stormy sea!
Ah, how skilful grows the hand
That obeyeth Loves command!
It is the heart, and not the brain,
That to the highest doth attain,
And he who followeth Loves behest
Far excelleth all the rest!
Thus with the rising of the sun
Was the noble task begun,
And soon throughout the ship-yards bounds
Were heard the intermingled sounds
Of axes and of mallets, plied
With vigorous arms on every side;
Plied so deftly and so well,
That, ere the shadows of evening fell,
The keel of oak for a noble ship,
Scarfed and bolted, straight and strong,
Was lying ready, and stretched along
The blocks, well placed upon the slip.
Happy, thrice happy, every one
Who sees his labor well begun,
And not perplexed and multiplied,
By idly waiting for time and tide!
And when the hot, long day was oer,
The young man at the Masters door
Sat with the maiden calm and still,
And within the porch, a little more
Removed beyond the evening chill,
The father sat, and told them tales
Of wrecks in the great September gales,
Of pirates coasting the Spanish Main,
And ships that never came back again,
The chance and change of a sailors life,
Want and plenty, rest and strife,
His roving fancy, like the wind,
That nothing can stay and nothing can bind,
And the magic charm of foreign lands,
With shadows of palms, and shining sands,
Where the tumbling surf,
Oer the coral reefs of Madagascar,
Washes the feet of the swarthy Lascar,
As he lies alone and asleep on the turf.
And the trembling maiden held her breath
At the tales of that awful, pitiless sea,
With all its terror and mystery,
The dim, dark sea, so like unto Death,
That divides and yet unites mankind!
And whenever the old man paused, a gleam
From the bowl of his pipe would awhile illume
The silent group in the twilight gloom,
And thoughtful faces, as in a dream;
And for a moment one might mark
What had been hidden by the dark,
That the head of the maiden lay at rest,
Tenderly, on the young mans breast!
Day by day the vessel grew,
With timbers fashioned strong and true,
Stemson and keelson and sternson-knee,
Till, framed with perfect symmetry,
A skeleton ship rose up to view!
And around the bows and along the side
The heavy hammers and mallets plied,
Till after many a week, at length,
Wonderful for form and strength,
Sublime in its enormous bulk,
Loomed aloft the shadowy hulk!
And around it columns of smoke, upwreathing,
Rose from the boiling, bubbling, seething
Caldron, that glowed,
And overflowed
With the black tar, heated for the sheathing.
And amid the clamors
Of clattering hammers,
He who listened heard now and then
The song of the Master and his men:
Build me straight, O worthy Master,
Staunch and strong, a goodly vessel,
That shall laugh at all disaster,
And with wave and whirlwind wrestle!
With oaken brace and copper band,
Lay the rudder on the sand,
That, like a thought, should have control
Over the movement of the whole;
And near it the anchor, whose giant hand
Would reach down and grapple with the land,
And immovable and fast
Hold the great ship against the bellowing blast!
And at the bows an image stood,
By a cunning artist carved in wood,
With robes of white, that far behind
Seemed to be fluttering in the wind.
It was not shaped in a classic mould,
Not like a Nymph or Goddess of old,
Or Naiad rising from the water,
But modelled from the Masters daughter!
On many a dreary and misty night,
T will be seen by the rays of the signal light,
Speeding along through the rain and the dark,
Like a ghost in its snow-white sark,
The pilot of some phantom bark,
Guiding the vessel, in its flight,
By a path none other knows aright!
Behold, at last,
Each tall and tapering mast
Is swung into its place;
Shrouds and stays
Holding it firm and fast!
Long ago,
In the deer-haunted forests of Maine,
When upon mountain and plain
Lay the snow,
They fell,those lordly pines!
Those grand, majestic pines!
Mid shouts and cheers
The jaded steers,
Panting beneath the goad,
Dragged down the weary, winding road
Those captive kings so straight and tall,
To be shorn of their streaming hair,
And naked and bare,
To feel the stress and the strain
Of the wind and the reeling main,
Whose roar
Would remind them forevermore
Of their native forests they should not see again.
And everywhere
The slender, graceful spars
Poise aloft in the air,
And at the mast-head,
White, blue, and red,
A flag unrolls the stripes and stars.
Ah! when the wanderer, lonely, friendless,
In foreign harbors shall behold
That flag unrolled,
T will be as a friendly hand
Stretched out from his native land,
Filling his heart with memories sweet and endless!
All is finished! and at length
Has come the bridal day
Of beauty and of strength.
To-day the vessel shall be launched!
With fleecy clouds the sky is blanched,
And oer the bay,
Slowly, in all his splendors dight,
The great sun rises to behold the sight.
The ocean old,
Centuries old,
Strong as youth, and as uncontrolled,
Paces restless to and fro,
Up and down the sands of gold.
His beating heart is not at rest;
And far and wide,
With ceaseless flow,
His beard of snow
Heaves with the heaving of his breast.
He waits impatient for his bride.
There she stands,
With her foot upon the sands,
Decked with flags and streamers gay,
In honor of her marriage day,
Her snow-white signals fluttering, blending,
Round her like a veil descending,
Ready to be
The bride of the gray old sea.
On the deck another bride
Is standing by her lovers side.
Shadows from the flags and shrouds,
Like the shadows cast by clouds,
Broken by many a sunny fleck,
Fall around them on the deck.
The prayer is said,
The service read,
The joyous bridegroom bows his head;
And in tears the good old Master
Shakes the brown hand of his son,
Kisses his daughters glowing cheek
In silence, for he cannot speak,
And ever faster
Down his own the tears begin to run.
The worthy pastor
The shepherd of that wandering flock,
That has the ocean for its wold,
That has the vessel for its fold,
Leaping ever from rock to rock
Spake, with accents mild and clear,
Words of warning, words of cheer,
But tedious to the bridegrooms ear.
He knew the chart
Of the sailors heart,
All its pleasures and its griefs,
All its shallows and rocky reefs,
All those secret currents, that flow
With such resistless undertow,
And lift and drift, with terrible force,
The will from its moorings and its course.
Therefore he spake, and thus said he:
Like unto ships far off at sea,
Outward or homeward bound, are we.
Before, behind, and all around,
Floats and swings the horizons bound,
Seems at its distant rim to rise
And climb the crystal wall of the skies,
And then again to turn and sink,
As if we could slide from its outer brink.
Ah! it is not the sea,
It is not the sea that sinks and shelves,
But ourselves
That rock and rise
With endless and uneasy motion,
Now touching the very skies,
Now sinking into the depths of ocean.
Ah! if our souls but poise and swing
Like the compass in its brazen ring,
Ever level and ever true
To the toil and the task we have to do,
We shall sail securely, and safely reach
The Fortunate Isles, on whose shining beach
The sights we see, and the sounds we hear,
Will be those of joy and not of fear!
Then the Master,
With a gesture of command,
Waved his hand;
And at the word,
Loud and sudden there was heard,
All around them and below,
The sound of hammers, blow on blow,
Knocking away the shores and spurs.
And see! she stirs!
She starts,she moves,she seems to feel
The thrill of life along her keel,
And, spurning with her foot the ground,
With one exulting, joyous bound,
She leaps into the oceans arms!
And lo! from the assembled crowd
There rose a shout, prolonged and loud,
That to the ocean seemed to say,
Take her, O bridegroom, old and gray,
Take her to thy protecting arms,
With all her youth and all her charms!
How beautiful she is! How fair
She lies within those arms, that press
Her form with many a soft caress
Of tenderness and watchful care!
Sail forth into the sea, O ship!
Through wind and wave, right onward steer!
The moistened eye, the trembling lip,
Are not the signs of doubt or fear.
Sail forth into the sea of life,
O gentle, loving, trusting wife,
And safe from all adversity
Upon the bosom of that sea
Thy comings and thy goings be!
For gentleness and love and trust
Prevail oer angry wave and gust;
And in the wreck of noble lives
Something immortal still survives!
Thou, too, sail on, O Ship of State!
Sail on, O Union, strong and great!
Humanity with all its fears,
With all the hopes of future years,
Is hanging breathless on thy fate!
We know what Master laid thy keel,
What Workmen wrought thy ribs of steel,
Who made each mast, and sail, and rope,
What anvils rang, what hammers beat,
In what a forge and what a heat
Were shaped the anchors of thy hope!
Fear not each sudden sound and shock,
T is of the wave and not the rock;
T is but the flapping of the sail,
And not a rent made by the gale!
In spite of rock and tempests roar,
In spite of false lights on the shore,
Sail on, nor fear to breast the sea!
Our hearts, our hopes, are all with thee,
Our hearts, our hopes, our prayers, our tears,
Our faith triumphant oer our fears,
Are all with thee,are all with thee!
We sailed on a sloop with whiskey &amp; jazz;
When a whale called closing time.
She sank to the bottom on a Saturday night,
So we took to the running tide.
Deep in the belly of the ocean,
We did what we could to survive,
Drank sweet water from a swordfish,
As we sang to the blue valentine.
Now everybodys going to row hard,
Everybodys going to do what they can,
Everybodys going to pull real hard,
To get this boat to the Promised Land.
With a little wind and a lonely sky,
Gulls crying for the gypsyson the water,
We followed the clouds both day and night,
Till we finally reached the boarders.
Now everybodys going to row hard,
Everybodys going to do what they can,
Everybodys going to pull real hard,
To get this boat to the Promised Land.
To get this boat to the Promised Land.
To get this boat to the Promised Land.
Song at:
https://youtu.be/Y8ERzShVxwY
It's been almost a year.
I let you go and I didn'tshed a tear.
I know I already moved past our past
I was glad that we parted ways
But I was not glad to still see you caged.
I heard that you still can't emerge from our sunken ship
And that sends me back guilt.
But today was different
Fate made us cross each others path once again
I saw a familiar aura in you
Right then and there I knew
You are now watching a beautiful sunrise
Along the shore
Far from that shipwreck
Sharing the dawn with someone new.
Ecstatic to see you like that
Renewed, you glanced and smiled at me.
I smiled back.
Thank you, I have never felt so forgiven and free.
Staring at infinite horizon,
He waited to be set free,
As he sailed across countless seas,
Across waves that churned with the aching of his own heart,
She lingered underneath open water,
Waiting by shipwrecks,
Humming sweet lullabies from distant waves.
Drowning inhope that her sailor would find her,
Craving the unknown wild of shores.
He left for the ocean,
This boy from the land,
And in his most oblivious of fits, when he couldn't take it anymore he dove into the deep,
And even after he hit far below rock bottom,
This girl from the sea
Pulled him up, giving him new breath.
Revived and alive
They swam to sand and he gave her new adventures.
Exploring the best of both worlds with new eyes,
They saved one another.
i am lost in the wisp of your faltering
the fluttering of concrete entrenched
into stoic rigmarole
to reach out layer by layer
peeling unearthing
a catatonic subdivision of disjoint subdivisions
a limit ordinal
between touch and feeling
where we kiss on the cusp of that silent ocean on the edge of sound
drowned in the nebulous familiarity of
a distant melody
a tired resolve
resolve the old puzzlemuscle memory's misted amnesia
half the pieces falling out the warn tinderbox
inarticulate drowned severed isomorphisms over
brea(d)thless infinities
self adjoint matted topologies
nestled snugly in the amniotic absolution
of form before being
hands of matted ice
contorted into perfection
by the sculpting propensities
of undulations of estrangement,
where we touch in the cusp of self reflections thousand mirrors inverted propensities
infinite infinitesimals
nestled meromorphic partitions
hidden corners in the brevity of dusk
multiplicities fragmenting behind empty veils
(to be seen is to be made discrete
to be discrete is to flicker
and disappear
(inevitably invariable
inevitable invariability))
we
stand in a waterfall of gravel
and drown our voices in the choke of our cellophane hearts
caked
into fillets of aphasic tundra
where we whisper our nothings in the desert on the boundary of silence
our words
escape us
like rats from shipwreck
we are
disembowelled catharsis
intentional and fatuous
retching upon itself
severed
and free
and dead
Lost souls wandering on the shores of love,
looking over the shipwreck,
wanting to cross the waters,
not wanting to get their feet wet.
The ocean is too icy for their salty tears,
and their eyes of pond too warm for the sweet, inviting waves.
Lost souls wandering on the shores of love,
dying for a sip to quench their arid hearts,
wanting to drown,
not wanting to dive.
The trenches too shallow for their collapsing lungs,
and their breaths too deep for such a shoal sea.
Lost souls wandering on the shores of love,
wanting to get a taste of the crashing waters,
choosing to eternal be walkers and gazers
and lost and trapped on the coarse, sandy shores
and chafe their soles;
and remain unfound,
meandering souls.
My ears are dripping from my head
they pool like a puddle in big circles, running together in seas of sound
I am an oak tree
I can feel myself stretching towards the sun, towards the sky,
It is dark with bright stars that cover my eyes like the patches over pirates eyes from the books I read as a child
I don't give a fuck about shining, staying fresh to death nor reclining
I Just stay rhyming, grinding,finding my inner beast within rooms of my brains asylum
Silence often brings peace, hope this piece can cover my eyelids, then take me to a place where my patience won't turn to violence.
Goodness gracious, these fucking Pirates,Two-Time Bosses stay sliding these hours straight from my time slip.
I hope their fucking time slips, I hope their hours turn to days and when their day's end! their hair will turn gray, I say fuck minimum wage, I'll spray lyrical waves upon a crowd before I bath in another hourly trade.
These hours just seem to shave, Potential and pure persistent, a minute is but a grain I'm a slave to its pure existence.
It's funny how we perceive time as these simple digits, that's, past, present, and future now watch as my presents given.
We perceive the deep
like some siren song
sinking depths below
where our skin ripples
and runs laps around
and around and around
the surface tension
and cool breaking breezes.
The sunken sand and
rusted portholes
don't draw down
the moisture in our skin.
Next to the slowly sloping
dunes of deep
we are a skin-shod Sahara.
We are pulled by and against gravity
because, in fact, the bleak black
crushing back against our ankles
begs for the darkness we hold
shackled out of sight.
The death of the sea finds
the secrets in me
and it makes them it's own
as it swallows me whole.
You've run the gauntlet,
The page dripped its course
Now all lies in wait,
Your softest reward
You've braved every peril
And hammered the stone
And driven each spike
With diligent force
You planned for each pitfall
And watched every night fall
And longed every day
For what resembled recourse
And now time is coming
An end to your running
An end to this guessing
This prophetic lore
To a pirate, his sea
And a bandit his mead
And to any man,
The lovehe is for
Your beauty hurriedly waiting,
Silence pleading and begging,
Sitting patiently bating
Far from broken shores
The end is behind you
You've done what you've meant to
Now go rest your head
On your lover, Lenore
I can't get you out of my head.
And no that's not a means to an end.
Its the start of a braceful beginning.
Or an irrotational sense of my state of mind which is questionable around this time.
3:52 and I'm still thinking of you.
If love is defined as constantly admiring anothers lyfe and worrying about their well being then why can't I call my feeling for you love?
Is it because you won't let me?
It seems the closer I strive the further I get pushed away.
It's like swimming to shore feeling you're almost there only to notice the waves swept you to a perilous trench,
Coated in black ink.
But no matter how many times I'm swept away by that tidal wave it never discourages me.
Because only I see that beautiful weeping mermaid alone on her glistening island of black ink.
Just let me wash it off.
And together we'll live in your treasure.
And darling we might not be pirates
But we might be peasants.
And I may not bare any sort of sensational fruit.
But I bare presents.
In the form of my love.
The strongest communication I can join your communion of common relation.
And together we'll strive for that feeling of common knowledge and shared intentions.
Common strife and shared dimensions.
Because we may not be peasants for much longer.
We've been plungering and sailing this ship of love long enough.
That I'm sure we're pirates with greedy ambitions.
And tedious repetition of unknown religions.
And one day we'll be rich off of this boat we've made from out love.
And one day we can stop sailing and settle down.
But until that day.
Our love is yet to be found.
So let's stop waiting around,
And set sail.
Prince mort en soldat  cause de la France,
me certes lue,
Fier jeune homme si pur tomb plein d'esprance,
Je t'aime et te salue !
Ce monde est si mauvais, notre pauvre patrie
Va sous tant de tnbres,
Vaisseau dsempar dont l'quipage crie
Avec des voix funbres,
Ce sicle est un tel ciel tragique o les naufrages
Semblent crits d'avance...
Ma jeunesse, leve aux doctrines sauvages,
Dtesta ton enfance,
Et plus tard, cur pirate pris des seuls ctes
O la rvolte naisse,
Mon ge d'homme, noir d'orages et de fautes,
Abhorrait ta jeunesse.
Maintenant j'aime Dieu dont l'amour et la foudre
M'ont fait une me neuve,
Et maintenant que mon orgueil rduit en poudre,
Humble, accepte l'preuve,
J'admire ton destin, j'adore, tout en larmes
Pour les pleurs de ta mre,
Dieu qui te fit mourir, beau prince, sous les armes,
Comme un hros d'Homre.
Et je dis, rservant d'ailleurs mon vu suprme
Au lys de Louis Seize :
Napolon qui fus digne du diadme,
Gloire  ta mort franaise !
Et priez bien pour nous, pour cette France ancienne,
Aujourd'hui vraiment  Sire ,
Dieu qui vous couronna, sur la terre paenne,
Bon chrtien, du martyre !
we were making this by the campsite
the night before the battle of
<em>grunwald</em> ('groonvald'),
we were united, the tartars joined us
and brought the following recipe
for the fish we caught on the river:
preready mayonnaise,
gherkins with a bit of gherkin brine,
white vinegar and some capers...
we omitted the chives and parsley
because there were none, the day before
we slaughtered the teutons.
years later the same thing happened,
although in suburban enclosure,
and with perfectly running trains,
and all seashores tamed with foot,
and the aviation traffic,
the new adventurers had to embark
not with astronaut gear but
with their egos, crafting shipwrecks
and glaciers with their minds from
the most apparent mundanities
turned into sour spark tingles
of colours turned into tastes on the oyster's
nano tentacles in the saliva sea.
Woke to sunshine and lawn mower song;
either the world is speeding up
or I am slowing down.
I daydream of being the beloved dog
of a wanton wench in Ontario
and no one is less Canadian than I.
It takes longer than ever
for my discordant head to awaken fully.
I planned to be a Pirate, but I got drafted
and the ship left without me
and now I am stuck ashore in Pennsylvania
without even a scar or tattoo.
It needs coffee, cigarettes, Mozart and time.
Still, it's the only world there is
and eventually I must clamber back into it.
Let us prepare for anything. Semper Paratus.
The apocalypse could happen today.
I would hate to miss out.
Or the Second Coming; I missed the First.
It is all mumbles and blather and babble,
so I am still working on a new language.
Difficult to understand, is it not?
The sky is vivid blue but not in a bad way.
Let's call it a day and just show up.
God morning Blues; Blues how do you do?
If you find this poem incomprehensible,
rejoice, for you are probably sane.
I made you something youre not.
I made you sweeter than you were, like summer rain or springs blossom.
Ive made you something you werent.
I made you honest.
I made you the victim of circumstance.
I made you beautiful inside and out.
And if the light revealed cracks in your plaster, I turned them off.
I made you something youre not.
I made the worst parts of you my fault.
I made your responsibilities into something theyre not; I made them mine.
I made your intentions pure.
I made you kind.
I built an illusion and let myself believe it to be real.
You let me make you these things; knowing that you were not.
You could not help yourself; I understand.
I taught you the notes to play to make my heart open, even though the song was never yours.
I made you play it and you obliged.
I made you something youre not.
I made you into the lover, pushing past the furthest boundaries.
I made you good for me.
I made you right for me.
I made the lies you told into truth.
I dismissed the warnings.
I dismissed reality in favor of the most compelling of dreams and hid in the shadow of the nightmare to stay asleep.
I made you into something youre not.
Perfect for me.
Kind to me.
Honest with me.
I made you into my ocean and swam your depths.
I made you into my safe harbor, even as the waves battered my boat at your dock.
I let you hope that I would swim too deep, that I would get caught on an ancient shipwreck, moored to you forever.
The darkest part of me was hoping for the same; for choice to be removed, to be bound to you.
Intentionally unwittingly.
I let you take from me.
I let you drink from me until it was no longer safe; and knowing it was no longer safe, your sunk your teeth deeper and you drank deeper still.
I dont blame you.
I am slowly waking up.
I made you into something youre not.
I am to blame.
I loved you; I love you.
I loved and love the you that there isnt, that there never was.
I made you into something youre not.
I made you into something you never were.
I made you into something you will never be.
I made you mine.
The only survivor of a shipwreck was washed up on a small,
uninhabited island. He prayed feverishly for God to rescue him,
and every day he scanned the horizon for help,
but none seemed forthcoming.
Exhausted, he eventually managed to build a little hut out of
driftwood to protect him from the elements,
and to store his few possessions. But then one day,
after scavenging for food, he arrived home to find his little hut in flames, the smoke rolling up to the sky.
The worst had happened; everything was lost.
He was stunned with grief and anger.
"God how could you do this to me!" he cried. Early the next day, however, he was awakened by the sound of
a ship that was approaching the island. It had come to rescue him.
"How did you know I was here?"
asked the weary man of his rescuers. "We saw your smoke signal," they replied.
It is easy to get discouraged when things are going bad.
But we shouldn't lose heart, because God is at work in our lives,
even in the midst of pain and suffering.
Remember, next time your little hut is burning to the ground
it just may be a smoke signal that summons the grace of God.
For all the negative things we have to say to ourselves,
God has a positive answer for it
Oh side table next to me
why do you look so down
tell me what lays on top of you
looks like quite a nice crew
two twisted popsicle wrappers
you look so lone and sad
divorced from the stained sticks
your old life was so rad
brand new black lamp so new
you stand above the rest
stop acting so shrew
obviously you are not the best
leave that to the paper pirate hat
you lay there so flat
oh how i wish we could chat
but you are no more than a wasted mat
cannot forget my trusty old friend
my tweezers pluck all the worst
he will not allow the caterpillar to mend
which grows since the first
Oh side table next to me
why do you look so down
tell me what lays on top of you
looks like quite a nice crew
Gunboats ahoy theres pirates about
Speeding from Somalis shore,
A fast flimsy boat and some black skinny men
With grenade launchers, cannon and more.
Theyre coming to capture the tankers
Theyre coming to capture the crew
Theyre coming to take you hostage
Because fat cats will pay cash for you.

Its happening more every day now
Ships are held to ransom for gold,
This contagion is out of hand now
The Somalian pirates are becoming so bold.
Hard men in the west prepare crackdowns
Gunboats sail for the Gulf as we speak,
With instructions to shoot to kill now
And make eradication of pirates complete!

But you ask, why is this happening?
Why does a man, a pirate become?
What instigates this crazy morphosis
From fisherman to pirate with gun?
Somalia has no Government to speak of,
It collapsed and went long ago.
No law or army in place here,
Life is dangerous, chaotic and low.

Some fat cats made use of the vacuum
They ditched toxic waste in the sea
They irradiated the coastline region
Making this a poisoned place to be.
The coast folk were dying in thousands
Sick mothers lost babies and kids
Black illness spread madly in villages
Then blind panic and pain hit the skids.

Some fat cats made use of the vacuum
They trawled the coastline clean
Somalias fishermen were destitute
The catch went from vast to lean.
The villagers were starving and hopeless
And what was pain became death.
The leaders appealed for salvation
But those with the means, had turned deaf.

Who would take this problem on now?
Who would make these bastards pay?
Most turned around and shunned them,
The world had turned and looked away.
So hit transgressors where theyre vulnerable.
Strike in sea lanes where its free.
Hit them near the Horn of Africa.
Attack with blades of piracy.

Hooray for the small mans justice.
Hooray for his skinny, black shanks,
Please God help their quest for deliverance
For the West has arrived with their tanks.

Now I ask you, in all fairness
To stand back and view the scene,
Where the richest and most powerful
are doing something that's obscene
For not only are they poisoning
The most vulnerable race on earth
But compounding it with genocide,
And I add, for what it's worth,
The West, in righteous arrogance,
are crushing poorest fellow man
In his struggle for survival
Against their mammoth, global hand.

Marshalg
@theGate
Mangere Bridge
25 April 2009
No revolution, emotional shipwreck, card games, magic, motorcycle, daisy chains, silk, marbles or your mountain nest and jasmine fields. Come with me.
I write for you,
Knowing you will never read me;
I cry for you,
Knowing you will never hear me;
A part of me's the DDR,
Looking to your St Petersburg.
I smile for you,
Knowing your lips won't lift too;
I live for you,
Knowing you and I are through;
I'm with Denisovich in the Gulag,
Buying life with hoarded fat.
If I could re-live any moment I'd hesitate;
Procrastinate;
Deliberate.
Re-living every fertile moment when there was a chance;
To be enhanced;
To be entranced...
So I cry for you,
Knowing somewhere you are sleeping;
And I long for you,
Knowing you are never leaving;
For the tundra is your home now,
Your voice is the Ural wind.
As I think of you,
My own heart keeps yours beating;
When I ache for you,
I can return to that first greeting;
When we were two drifting shipwrecks,
Thrown together on the Caspian Shores...
But you're here no more,
And I must carry on like the Volga does;
No respite from revolution,
Casualties of our own October love....
i'm sick to death of this stinking routine
perpetual day time TV,
petty bickering
afternoon pub binges
hopeless job hunting morons everywhere,
i return to my hometown
to the place i was made, molded
created
and it suffocates me like never before
i think of the many reasons i left
they circle my thoughts for a long while
and then i'm left with one
one that overrides the lot
it takes a while to spit it out
because it's corny, it's stupid, it's not how we work
but
it's love
and the lack of it
the love here is in the mundane
the easy,
the norm.
it's not in the heart
the love around here lies in
television sets
and pirate DVDs
reduced chicken and new coffee machines
gambles on abused horses
saturday afternoons in the local
cheap holidays to Benidorm
a day trip to lidl
a weekday evening watching the soaps
a phonecall to a family member you don't care about
hours playing candy crush
the love has lost on us humans
the love here, it was lost on me too
it missed me out
they missed me out
it has instead transferred in this
reality tv, selfie indulgent zeitgeist
it has left our silly bodies
and i'm still clinging on
trying to dissapear from that
new century bubble
trying to pick up pieces
of that porcelain mosaic
that old style bric a brac
so long ago forgotten
pressure is everywhere
notifications beep
this tiny block of perspex
waiting to be touched
waiting to be in communication
with someone at the other side of the city
the other side of the world
oh what a sad existence
when all we love is through the inanimate
and not ourselves
but hey thats the way of the world
and we have to accept it
or hate it
because we can't do both
we have to accept our fast paced tumultuous society
always moving through space and time
at times, difficult
painful
hard
sore
but consumerism, capitalism and cronyism
it all exists in this big society
this 'we're all in it together' society
and it cant be ignored.
If I were a pirate and you were my ship
We will go out into waters deep
We will go where the sun is bright and shine
We will have strengths to cross that horizon line
We will go places far and away
You will be my company during night and the day
But I am not a pirate and you are not my ship
so let us keep dreaming and get back to sleep
They stared down that fruit
ravenously as junkies
seeking their next fix.
Days they spent
cleverly concealed
high in the banyan boughs
by the jungle home.
Monkey spies peered longingly,
slavering over the scrumptious cornucopia
of fruity delight,
so close.
They watched the white man
devour whole pigs three times
daily. When he ate
he feasted.
This gluttonous absurdity shall last no longer,
claimed the monkey chieftain.
Clang clang, rang the war bells,
and primate warriors gathered,
plotting a master plan,
the "Fruit Bowl Coup."
Gangsters conniving their next hit,
the monkeys schemed day and night.
The fruit shall be ours at last!
The white man's snores rumbled
after lunch. He dazed
in a satiated stupor.
With vine ropes and a leafy gag,
the monkeys stormed in.
A score tied him down,
muffled his pitiful squeaks.
The rest raided,
took siege over the kitchen,
plundering pirates.
They filled their cheeks
and hands with fruit,
then brought their booty
back to the tribe.
They feasted for days
and the white man cried.
Palace of my happy dreams
burning down to wakefulness,
the golden memory escapes me like cool air
in October bare and I forget what
imaginary Alice's imaginary kisses
felt like to my lips.
Our romance dies in eclipsing days
too often empty of rhapsody,
a nightmare instead built upon addicts impurities
and withdrawal shakes.
She's somewhere in my subconscious
shipwrecked lost in a sea of thoughts and disconnected tangents.
Her perfume makes me stupid silly and sad.
Where is she now but looking far to shore?
like you,
like me,
like this world of pattern and bore.
Never getting any closer.
Should my anticipation run and hide when the air so cold runs dry. My mind is a wonder in this ponder your hand feeds me. Some reason my heart says you're not a least bit overwhelmed, as I set myself up, but this I can't help to rely on free will and dwell. As I relate to the sun spots that reflect the conscious of hell we rebel, I sit back, trying to relax, staring through the tinted lens for time to pass. I reveal through the condensation, the eye of the drafty wind.
My mind wonders as I see the inevitable piercing reason for life bleed through the trees, quickly catch my eye. My heart races mystically to the beat of epilepsy as the hours surpass behind this sun glass. As I get to thinking, you remind me of the constellations breading, metaphorically speaking. The halo is gorgeous as your amber glows the Tuesday moon, bringing in a Wednesday revenge. I listen for a perfect circle to a perfect gratitude of the lust we all share in a wanted haunting spiraling into a Fibonacci themed sea.
Your strawberry kiss gathers a thesaurus of mood swings. It's heart carries a stone the size of the moon. Pity from far but a sight to see as the circle of life surrounds the familiar meaning of how much you mean to me. Only somehow, I find myself feeling like a LCD movie scene, Incomplete and all alone or like a childhood never ending story of love. Boring and make believe.
Some days I can't remember, some days I would like to forget. Like when lovers split into million's of pieces, we deal with it. I pirate about as my mates call me out as I blacken into fading out. A cool breeze to cold chill spinal tap heart attack buried deep in my bones like a diamond in the ruff, protected damaged goods. Keep me in mind, my fractal eye, frame this sight, picture it twice, what you see is what you find. (needs work)
Finding myself blind I'm reminded all the time, I'm bloodshot dry trying not to show you why the need to express my feelings. My reasons why are believed lies. With just one look, no second guess. You'll see my regret. You'll see me die a little in sight. The half heart you shared the day I felt it would matter, I felt I would care...
I would reside my life just to keep you near of a grateful insight. Standing in line waiting to see you see my side. I found my peace in between the daisies and the trees. You had fit the dream of being complete embraced me, to let it be. Hesitation aside I would rewind my life just to keep you close by, but the patterns we can't hide from this manifested tide. A rush of love a loss of touch. We reach for the sky but the stars just keep pushing high as we keep stretching our time here, it's all we have, is space.
Star light, star bright,
The first star I see tonight;
I wish I may, I wish I might,
Have the wish I wish tonight*
Star light, Star bright,
Why have you failed me tonight
I wished with all my might
Begging for this wish tonight.
My innocence has washed away
The childish wonder
has lost its luster
fading into the dark night sky
Reality has kicked in
Time to grow up
Can't be the next peter pan
Can't live among the stars any longer.
Children are believing no more
Faries, mermaids, and all the glamour.
Pirates, Treaure, Damsels in destress,
children are forgetting, turning their backs
Those wishing stars have shattered
Falling to Earth like meteors.
Their twinkle has fizzeled out
Their magic blowing away in space.
(Geraldine, Carla and Erica found a letter, which they thought it was an important document belonging to someone living miles away. It was clear that a person entrusted the written paper to a messenger after putting a wax seal on it. The seal was placed on this document in such a manner that it was impossible to read it without first breaking the seal, which was very dry and brittle.)
Carla said, '' Let's read and bring to life the stories behind
These manuscripts, '' ''Let's find who was the owner and who handled
These books and papers.'' ''Some memories come back into my mind, ''
''I love to read; its so dark in here, let's light a candle, ''
Said Erica; they saw scribbled notes written on the margins
Of the books and the changing ownership of some manuscripts.
''An Arab medicinal work for Jewish use, thats for certain.''
''Is it? '' '' It's translated into Hebrew; I think it's fabulous, ''
( Replied Carla.)
Geraldine opened a book saying, '' This is a Persian
Medicinal work translated into Turkish; it must be
More interesting; they treat using a different version.''
''This copy of the book written by Jos Vicente.
(..Said Carla,)
Has a lot of geographical and astronomical
Information; you can learn to measure the distance;
It contains the main cities, oceans, '' Its phenomenal! ''
''Mapmakers, '' '' it's like a trip to another existence! ''
(..Exclaimed Erica,)
''It shows which stars are visible or not, the solar cycles
And it is illustrated with tables, diagrams, and maps.''
''Is this a Holy Book? I'm not good in perusing these titles.''
''Yes, it's written by Francisco Javier, a nice one, perhaps, ''
(Geraldine replied to Erica, knowing that she was a Russian not knowing too much Latin. Geraldine continued))
''It's about a convent established in Mexico City
For any daughter of a conquistador who lacked dowry.
''Look, Aonio Paleario! I think its such a pity
To contradict the Catholic dogma; this language is flowery, ''
(Said Carla.)
''It's a copy of a rare book. Does this contradiction mean
The trouble with the Inquisition in these Reformation times?
''He had the most influential protectors I've ever seen.''
But his protectors died; there are notes between the lines, ''
(Carla answered to Erica. Carla continued)
The Spanish Inquisition is run by the civil
Authorities of Kings after centuries of Muslim
Domination; the execution became official
For the Muslim piracy to turn it down to very dim.
(Geraldine intervened in the conversation)
Spain had asked the Papacy to set up the Inquisition,
But the Papacy refused. Then, Spain threatened Rome
With not coming to give aid against the Muslim opposition.
Their armies sacked Rome and made southern Italy be their home.
The Pope set up the inquisition only for Christians.
Over time, the torture was not to be done more than once,
Was not to threaten life; there were Spanish transgressions
By the lawyers who oversaw this system from hence.
(Then, Erica told them..)
''In England, the person convicted of public begging
Has a limb chopped off; a Catholic priest in England
Teaching school is executed.'' ''There're penalties for bringing
A false witness against someone; England's laws also bind Ireland, ''
(.Replied Carla. Erica continued.)
''There is a secret collaboration between London and
Tsar Peter of Russia.'' '' He is known as Peter the Great.''
''There are notes on a book; while travelling to Europe, he shunned
The persons knowing him, '' ''He wanted to change his country's fate.''
(Carla expressed her point of view regarding what Erica said. Erica continued)
''He studied new developments in shipbuilding; he lived
In Deptford, at the home of John Evelyn, a writer.''
''This letter is from England and Im a bit surprised
'Cause this letter should be brought to a Russian.'' ''A fighter
Was this messenger.'' ''Maybe this man is the ghost we feel.''
''Did King William help Peter? '' He increased trade with Russia.''
''Peter loved a peasant and, wanting his love to conceal,
He made her be his domestic serf.'' I've heard she's from Prussia.''
''She's from Lithuania; her name is Catherine; he married
Her secretly, '' ''But he's married, '' '' He divorced his first wife.''
'' He worked as a carpenter; his interests were varied.''
'' Friend with Marquis of Carmarthen, he started a new life.''
(Geraldine tried to open the letter a little without breaking its seal. '' I think it is written 'Catherine' or 'Carmarthen.' '' ''Impossible, '' replied Carla, ''It would be much more important than any other one and it wouldn't be lost here. Give it to me.'')
(Erica said,)
'' King William gave Tsar Peter the ship Royal Transport
As a gift; the ship's designer was Marquis of Carmarthen.
As King Augustus of Poland, King William showed him support.
'' This messenger traveled many miles to take his ship again.''
(Erica told them that she feels like she's about to faint. Carla ran down the stairs to bring vinegar and water and Geraldine hurried to open the window. Meanwhile, Erica took a document from the box and hid it under her dress.)
(..to be continued.)
Poem by Marieta Maglas)
Stories of shipwreck
and desert islands
can point to loneliness
experienced in society,
De Foe being one.
It is so appealing to me
the child I was and man
I have become
to live some kind of secluded Island life
so appealing that I made it become real
and have no regrets
unlike Robinson
so Robinson Crusoe
can go hang.
because when i hear this particular song you had told me about once, i still think of you. because i still check your blog even if i know you haven't updated it in two years. because i wait out for you to go online in facebook at our time and i wait until 3 am just to make sure. because i saw you sitting in 7eleven once and now i crane my neck to look at 7eleven just to check if you're there. because i still write your initials and scratch them heavily. because when i hear a song you'd like, i write it down and compile it to a mix. because when i drink coffee, it makes me think of you. because i bought these kiddie pirate tattoos and posted a picture of it to see if you'll like it. because every post i make wishes to get a like from you. because i want to go to where you are even if it's a five-hour bus ride away just to take a glimpse of your face. because i read the books you read. because i'm running out of reasons here. *i'm still in love with you. and that's mainly the reason why.
Because I feel nostalgic
holding onto the ends of my sleeves
so they won't get bunched when I put on my coat
Because I think of the past
whenever I eat at Dairy Queen
or drive by the park in the town I grew up in
Because I can't forget
balancing on railroad ties
or fishing for nothing in the ditch outside my house
Because I remember
the time my cat killed a rabbit
and burying a box of toys in the yard with my sister for Pirate Day
Because my childhood was filled with
visiting you at work and meeting you for lunch
and climbing on your work truck even though you told me not to
Because whenever I see the Big Dipper
I remember you pointing it out one night
and not being able to make it out in the blackness
Because remembering anything of those days
I am suddenly struck with your presence in them
and the realization that looking back on the days I live now
I won't be able to feel nostalgic for you anymore
I saw him first as a siren,
shipwrecks of broken hearts
resting upon his lips
harbouring so much pain
from stranded sailors,
that I could barely make out
the fragments of his own.
Beautiful, dangerous,
a mystery of his own making,
pages I cannot turn without
a certain sort of wariness
of what I would find.
A boy in wolfs clothing,
playing at ruling a kingdom with
his sharp words that
masked his uncertainty with
stabs of disapproval and scorn.
There are wild things in the air,
and he knows them all,
and one night he told me
that I should fear him,
because he was one of them.
And if I fell, he knew
that he would never find a rope
long enough to reach into
his depths,
and rescue me,
turning each one into a noose
for every ghost that refused
to be exorcised,
because how many voices
can a lonely boy take
before they begin to sound
less like tears
and more like venom?
I wonder if he ever knew
that when I lay against his chest,
I felt the hurricanes in his ribs,
and when I kissed his eyes closed
I felt his baggage weighing them open.
He is a sleepwalker
waiting to be awoken,
he is a sleepwalker
who cannot find sleep.
And he isnt quite sure what
he knows for sure,
but he does know
that someone is out there.
I have read verses written for him
by hands that trembled
from his neglect
because his time had suddenly
become a narcotic.
And they all fought for more
clawing at his skin with
desperation, as their faces
hung against their bones
and they pressed needles to
his veins.
And when I pressed my lips
to his arms, I felt
the emptiness of where
hed had his happiness drawn
from him to feed
their pill riddled mentalities.
And he never stopped believing
that he was selfish,
but I called for him one night,
and he ran across stars
and found me with glass shards
littering my hands,
and he bled
so that I would not.
And he believes that he will never
learn to love,
though he loves me
when he pushes me against walls
and spoils me with his teeth,
when he runs his hands
over my ugliest words
and moulds them into me
and still,
still thinks that I
am beautiful.
And I traded my soul
for a rush,
and my tears stained our entwined
fingers,
because I never found the quick fix,
and he never found the fracture.
Always chasing, never seeing,
and he hurts when he realises
I still remember who I was
last summer.
Because my heart still beats
too fast, and my lungs still
collapse and my legs still
refuse to keep up with him.
So when he finds the strength to shine,
I fade with the sunset
And times I wanted to break,
to build again,
without taking into account
that he was the labour.
and I wanted to be his
peace of mind,
but he felt every single
bruise I hammered onto my legs,
and every nail that tore
through my skin.
And he has ambitions that
dwarf my dreams,
but his mind is lightning
and he is human.
He constantly reminds me
that he is human,
and he will leave,
sometimes a threat,
sometimes a regret.
And he thinks about his life,
evaluating it through eyes
that have never felt him shudder
when the world presses down on him
and he presses back up against it,
surrounded by artists
who box him into stereotypes.
And he hated it when I got
a wildflower tattooed upon my wrist,
because it is so permanent.
But I cannot find a way to tell him
that I am not.
Because he is trapped with
a car crash disguised
with marred skin and broken thoughts.
And he says that he will never
understand the strangeness in his mind,
which brings clarity to my own.
And he pleads me to
keep safe, keep happy,
but he wont see that happy is his
words brushing against me.
And he is tiring of the us we have created,
it has been just you and me for too long,
So with trembling hands I draw away
to let him find a way to breathe,
a way to hold me without
searching for the fissures on my chest.
I will let you go
if you want me to.
The most important thing we've learned,
So far as children are concerned,
Is never, NEVER, NEVER let
Them near your television set --
Or better still, just don't install
The idiotic thing at all.
In almost every house we've been,
We've watched them gaping at the screen.
They loll and slop and lounge about,
And stare until their eyes pop out.
(Last week in someone's place we saw
A dozen eyeballs on the floor.)
They sit and stare and stare and sit
Until they're hypnotised by it,
Until they're absolutely drunk
With all that shocking ghastly junk.
Oh yes, we know it keeps them still,
They don't climb out the window sill,
They never fight or kick or punch,
They leave you free to cook the lunch
And wash the dishes in the sink --
But did you ever stop to think,
To wonder just exactly what
This does to your beloved tot?
IT ROTS THE SENSE IN THE HEAD!
IT KILLS IMAGINATION DEAD!
IT CLOGS AND CLUTTERS UP THE MIND!
IT MAKES A CHILD SO DULL AND BLIND
HE CAN NO LONGER UNDERSTAND
A FANTASY, A FAIRYLAND!
HIS BRAIN BECOMES AS SOFT AS CHEESE!
HIS POWERS OF THINKING RUST AND FREEZE!
HE CANNOT THINK -- HE ONLY SEES!
'All right!' you'll cry. 'All right!' you'll say,
'But if we take the set away,
What shall we do to entertain
Our darling children? Please explain!'
We'll answer this by asking you,
'What used the darling ones to do?
'How used they keep themselves contented
Before this monster was invented?'
Have you forgotten? Don't you know?
We'll say it very loud and slow:
THEY ... USED ... TO ... READ! They'd READ and READ,
AND READ and READ, and then proceed
To READ some more. Great Scott! Gadzooks!
One half their lives was reading books!
The nursery shelves held books galore!
Books cluttered up the nursery floor!
And in the bedroom, by the bed,
More books were waiting to be read!
Such wondrous, fine, fantastic tales
Of dragons, gypsies, queens, and whales
And treasure isles, and distant shores
Where smugglers rowed with muffled oars,
And pirates wearing purple pants,
And sailing ships and elephants,
And cannibals crouching 'round the pot,
Stirring away at something hot.
(It smells so good, what can it be?
Good gracious, it's Penelope.)
The younger ones had Beatrix Potter
With Mr. Tod, the dirty rotter,
And Squirrel Nutkin, Pigling Bland,
And Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle and-
Just How The Camel Got His Hump,
And How the Monkey Lost His Rump,
And Mr. Toad, and bless my soul,
There's Mr. Rat and Mr. Mole-
Oh, books, what books they used to know,
Those children living long ago!
So please, oh please, we beg, we pray,
Go throw your TV set away,
And in its place you can install
A lovely bookshelf on the wall.
Then fill the shelves with lots of books,
Ignoring all the dirty looks,
The screams and yells, the bites and kicks,
And children hitting you with sticks-
Fear not, because we promise you
That, in about a week or two
Of having nothing else to do,
They'll now begin to feel the need
Of having something to read.
And once they start -- oh boy, oh boy!
You watch the slowly growing joy
That fills their hearts. They'll grow so keen
They'll wonder what they'd ever seen
In that ridiculous machine,
That nauseating, foul, unclean,
Repulsive television screen!
And later, each and every kid
Will love you more for what you did.
I
I, in my intricate image, stride on two levels,
Forged in man's minerals, the brassy orator
Laying my ghost in metal,
The scales of this twin world tread on the double,
My half ghost in armour hold hard in death's corridor,
To my man-iron sidle.
Beginning with doom in the bulb, the spring unravels,
Bright as her spinning-wheels, the colic season
Worked on a world of petals;
She threads off the sap and needles, blood and bubble
Casts to the pine roots, raising man like a mountain
Out of the naked entrail.
Beginning with doom in the ghost, and the springing marvels,
Image of images, my metal phantom
Forcing forth through the harebell,
My man of leaves and the bronze root, mortal, unmortal,
I, in my fusion of rose and male motion,
Create this twin miracle.
This is the fortune of manhood: the natural peril,
A steeplejack tower, bonerailed and masterless,
No death more natural;
Thus the shadowless man or ox, and the pictured devil,
In seizure of silence commit the dead nuisance.
The natural parallel.
My images stalk the trees and the slant sap's tunnel,
No tread more perilous, the green steps and spire
Mount on man's footfall,
I with the wooden insect in the tree of nettles,
In the glass bed of grapes with snail and flower,
Hearing the weather fall.
Intricate manhood of ending, the invalid rivals,
Voyaging clockwise off the symboled harbour,
Finding the water final,
On the consumptives' terrace taking their two farewells,
Sail on the level, the departing adventure,
To the sea-blown arrival.
II
They climb the country pinnacle,
Twelve winds encounter by the white host at pasture,
Corner the mounted meadows in the hill corral;
They see the squirrel stumble,
The haring snail go giddily round the flower,
A quarrel of weathers and trees in the windy spiral.
As they dive, the dust settles,
The cadaverous gravels, falls thick and steadily,
The highroad of water where the seabear and mackerel
Turn the long sea arterial
Turning a petrol face blind to the enemy
Turning the riderless dead by the channel wall.
(Death instrumental,
Splitting the long eye open, and the spiral turnkey,
Your corkscrew grave centred in navel and nipple,
The neck of the nostril,
Under the mask and the ether, they making bloody
The tray of knives, the antiseptic funeral;
Bring out the black patrol,
Your monstrous officers and the decaying army,
The sexton sentinel, garrisoned under thistles,
A cock-on-a-dunghill
Crowing to Lazarus the morning is vanity,
Dust be your saviour under the conjured soil.)
As they drown, the chime travels,
Sweetly the diver's bell in the steeple of spindrift
Rings out the Dead Sea scale;
And, clapped in water till the triton dangles,
Strung by the flaxen whale-weed, from the hangman's raft,
Hear they the salt glass breakers and the tongues of burial.
(Turn the sea-spindle lateral,
The grooved land rotating, that the stylus of lightning
Dazzle this face of voices on the moon-turned table,
Let the wax disk babble
Shames and the damp dishonours, the relic scraping.
These are your years' recorders. The circular world stands still.)
III
They suffer the undead water where the turtle nibbles,
Come unto sea-stuck towers, at the fibre scaling,
The flight of the carnal skull
And the cell-stepped thimble;
Suffer, my topsy-turvies, that a double angel
Sprout from the stony lockers like a tree on Aran.
Be by your one ghost pierced, his pointed ferrule,
Brass and the bodiless image, on a stick of folly
Star-set at Jacob's angle,
Smoke hill and hophead's valley,
And the five-fathomed Hamlet on his father's coral
Thrusting the tom-thumb vision up the iron mile.
Suffer the slash of vision by the fin-green stubble,
Be by the ships' sea broken at the manstring anchored
The stoved bones' voyage downward
In the shipwreck of muscle;
Give over, lovers, locking, and the seawax struggle,
Love like a mist or fire through the bed of eels.
And in the pincers of the boiling circle,
The sea and instrument, nicked in the locks of time,
My great blood's iron single
In the pouring town,
I, in a wind on fire, from green Adam's cradle,
No man more magical, clawed out the crocodile.
Man was the scales, the death birds on enamel,
Tail, Nile, and snout, a saddler of the rushes,
Time in the hourless houses
Shaking the sea-hatched skull,
And, as for oils and ointments on the flying grail,
All-hollowed man wept for his white apparel.
Man was Cadaver's masker, the harnessing mantle,
Windily master of man was the rotten fathom,
My ghost in his metal neptune
Forged in man's mineral.
This was the god of beginning in the intricate seawhirl,
And my images roared and rose on heaven's hill.
Hi I am a Buddhist
I believe in reincarnation
I believe if we really used our brains over what we learnt as a kid we will discover who we were dating back to 5-000-000
Years ago and I guarantee you will discover there was life before dinosaurs
In fact dinosaurs and people were on earth together in different parts of the world
You see I was Cronus around the times where Christians claimed the world started but
I was chased by dinosaurs and taken by muggers to the arctic circle so Christians can own this world but to me, as a Buddhist I was determined to continue to help the people of this world by supplying presents for the people of the arctic because before Athena sent a snowstorm there were people living on the arctic
And I went on trip through the island delivering gifts and yeah
I was the start of Santa Claus
And also I lived in the 100 years war as Isabella of France but I try not to tell people because to say you're someone famous like that sounds really weird but I have a story about her on hello poetry as Johnny Georgy brown
You see as a Buddhist I want to calm the minds of my fellow humans but that isn't as easy as it seems and as I get pains from different parts of my body I relax and let Athena heal me so I can feel good about myself
You see I prefer the idea of knowing that we walk on earth
Rather than go off to some enchanted land the Christians call heaven and with me being on earth makes me feel more at ease because if you think about it heaven is in a unrecognisable
Land nobody knows where it is
Earth is with us and no matter where your lives are it sounds and is more realistic than heaven but as a Buddhist I respect people on what they believe because with all the problems in the world it is hard to show you love earth but you just relax and take it easy you can like me be one of the helpers on earth
You do art and craft and writing
Help in a homeless shelter
Go to Christian centres to help people and despite me having a belief in reincarnation I still would like to help In churches
And also I believe I was Blackbeard the pirate and mate
I was a evil pirate but I use that belief as a reforming the pirate
In me, I also believe I was Henry the 8th another very evil man but I try and wash that evil out of my soul and I feel itchy on the feet and when I get itchy parts on my body I feel it is the demons of the cosmos coming after me but sometime it could be just simple things like worms or diabetes from eating too much sugar but Buddhism can control the pains you get from that by grabbing each demon by the head and swing it around your body till it starts to feel miles better, and the way you feel better is you take your medication and that could put you in touch with Athens to heal your previous life pain which is in this life as mental illness
Like if your grandfather died and entered his next life as a girl and the girl had Down syndrome and she came into your life as your girlfriend and she turned on you by saying
She ain't interested in a relationship with you and that means her niceness is the fact that her previous life was your grandfather but you keep that information doesn't get out in the open because it might have dire circumstances which if you breathe any word that your her grandson you won't get the atmosphere you want out of it
You see people who just believe in science should look at the science of being reincarnated into another body, like a happy loving life individual suddenly turning into a crying baby but through time that baby learns what really makes him happy and eventually gets his loving life back and every day their new parents take them out showing them this fantastic world and my dad wanted to stay an Australian and became the granddaughter of Jimmy Barnes and daughter of David and Lisa Campbell twin with brother Billy and dads new name is Betty and I was having kidnapping thoughts and my family never got those thoughts
So I discovered that I was kidnapped as Graeme Thorne and grant Beaumont and I have s fear of dogs which is from my life in 1946 being attacked by dogs in the Bronx and my last positive life was Albert Waldron who was a footy player from Adelaide and I love footy and Adelaide and I was a clown in the Adelaide circus as Albert
Waldron and before then I was a doctor for the Swedish army
And my name was John hawker English and I saved a few people from certain death and
Buddha gave me a house in hawker to remind me of the good I was doing in that life
What do pirate captains and popes have in common
What separates a King from a prince
or a Queen from a princess
can you guess
well I can
Its head-ware
the cap
a mighty fine hat
or a crown
you may have army's
or the adoration of millions
but true power stems from a hat
Obviously not your common hat
a big one or very expensive
is a must
If your hat is small or shabby
you will find yourself
in a sad position
not laudable
but laughable.
The hull
Is his skull
Damaged and cracked
Childhood
Fractured
Teenage bliss
Bashed
Existence rocks smashed
His cradled youth brain
Over
And over
And over
Again
The mast
Is his past
Black tattered sails soared
Plundered his splitting mind
In the depths he explored
Left him drowning
Then washed up
And stranded ashore
Consumed by his drinking
Anchored in thinking
These bones nothing more
Than the sinking
The sinking
The sinking
Deplore
The stern
Is his spine
The helm of his motion
With no wheel it bends
To his current emotion
Emptiness craving
The weight of this ocean
A storm-weathered back
And eroded ribcage
Set a course for astray
As he drifts
Ever further
And further
Away
The bow
Is his sternum
Sunken chest treasure
Greed sleeps in its hold
Through selfless endeavor
Still coveting gold
Yet pounding desire
White-cap knuckles slam
Against ego waves
Like a battering ram
Towards an island of purpose
His bones can stand for
After yearning
And longing
And lusting
For more
His heart
Precious cargo
Still breaks as it's thrown
To the soul-crushing blue
Lovelessness all alone
He clings to frail hopes
And starves to taste home
Yet thirsts for her fair
Aphrodite sea foam
To kiss his bones bare
This shipwreck skeleton
Over
And over
And over
Again
Walk to the woman who wails-
She has a beach.
My friend told me back in the 1700s
She was a bodacious babe.
A real Marblehead girl
getting plundered by pirates
She writes a yearly memoir
on sandscript about the same thing.
She strikes me as one-dimensional,
but I hear shes gorgeous.
I listen to her from the docks of the Landing
sounding like docks being squeaky on cold waves.
you gotta be a pearl in a diamond world
(20 minute poetry)
There's more to this than greets the eye
meeting strangers passing by all asking
why?
don't ask me
I wouldn't know
I wash dishes
in Soho.
Here is where we are and like it or not it's a 'far better place' at this funereal pace
on a warm day in June
soon or as soon as the chickens come home to roost
we might get that financial boost that Cameron (now gone) was bangin' on about.
Let's go forward through hail and shine into this wonderful isle
I call mine
and mine's a large spiced rum
(gotta be shipshape when the pirates come)
and come they will
'King of the hill?'
but
not for much longer.
Man does not know,
What treasures,
He has lost to the mighty ocean,
And the land that swallows all.
BAS
A pirate sailed south, but too far.
The good ship's prow found
harbors filled with icebergs,
frolicking penguins and walruses:
it began to snow inside his mortal soul.
He dreamed of perfect white beaches,
warm sand, sunlight, palm trees
and (perhaps) a lovely French poet in a slight bikini
lolling like Erato on holiday.
He could taste the sun and coconut on her skin.
It was only a vision, but one worthy of a quest.
He preferred living dreams to dead conclusions.
Many people told him he dreamed too much,
to accept this landfall and be content.
But cold and darkness are not a pirate's lot
and contentment does not appear
in the official pirate's vocabulary.
Even an aging pirate holds true to course,
pinned like a medal to his longing and desire.
More sail, he cried, and turned the helm
toward the islands of his heart,
toward a landfall of warmth and color,
toward hot and willing flesh,
toward parrots and monkeys and blue skies.
Leaving the nay-sayers in the cold,
he headed the only direction a pirate can, further.
- mce
You say you want me to speak
But if i open my mouth and talk
Angerwill rise
The ground will shake.
I have been silencedfor 8 years
Thattime cannotbe taken back.
Instead, i am left with the memories
Thatallowme to tell the sad stories
Thereis more to me.
I look fine from theoutside
But inside
I am a shipwreck
Just waiting to be discovered.
I am a rush of frustration
I often loose my happy concentration
When i am put into a shitty situation
Dont let me speak
<strong><em>i wont stop</em></strong>
Wrether you think you love me
Oryou pretend to love me
There is always going to be a void.
A voidonly one can make.
But left 8 years ago
I'vebeen told to hold on for so long
And
My grip is slipping.
Each day i find myself wanting to let go more and more.
I cannot move on with little to none support.
I am a human
Not a robot.
I have feelings
Which everyonr seems to forget.
<em>family slave</em>
Is who i am to them
<em>nuisance</em>
To others.
I want to matter
I want to open my mouth
And speak
And leak
These secrets kept within the flesh.
But these bruises are likecircuitboards
<em>no one sees them</em>
You have to uncoverthese sheets of hell to see my pain. The bruises
My soul feels dead with every bad omen and every negative word said to me.
Ive prayed
Nothing came
Ive bargainedmy soul
Justfor things to change
Nothing has happened.
Becausei will not speak.
My mind is connected
But not my mouth.
This is not a poem
No
Its a rant
An angry rant from an asshole poet.
Who cannot
*speak
Scribbled epithets
Pressed wet with tears
Sacred spaces carried by hallowed hands
Whispered winds that hover
Can't cover this fragile soul
Fractured by the passage of years
Each stone a death remembered
Casual depravity
Swarming queenless
Cyclonic before the storm
The walls we build
Never strong enough to stop the tide
Empty breath
Bubbles up to a silent sky
Potential of a life unlived
Slips beneath the surface
Swirling backwater memories
Heavy with fresh earth and leaves
Surrender the imprint
Of your body to oblivion
I can only wish you peace
I know will not come
Forever beyond
My aching grasp
If I could pull you
Warm inside
Some secret place
An open heart
Rubbed smooth
Sweet balm for your weary soul
Ive lost you to the droning insanities
Shipwrecks and effigies
Cast up on the shore
You are forever dragging chains
No ascension
No freedom
Fruit plucked
Before the ripening
Bitter offering
For barren ground
Always hungry for more
I scribble an epithet
Pressed wet with tears
Plastered prayers to fill the cracks
In my fractured soul
Surrender your memory
To the silent sky
Send them love....
Good bye...

TL Boehm
010809
Fearless, ambitious,
honest, complex-
my armored man
tattered and distressed.
Used, displaced-
yet not to
underestimate.
Domineering but tame,
my being he stimulates.
Beauty exceeded
only by pain,
memories depicted
left their stain.
Quick to give,
slow to take-
bigger the heart,
the harder it breaks.
Pretty eyed,
pirate smile;
pessimist at times-
all the while
filled with hope,
love to tend,
my armored man
quick to defend.
Holds his own,
never retreats-
witnessed more pain
than a child should see.
Still he stands,
my armored man,
stronger than you
could even conceive.
Harboring light,
my blues retrieve-
for this armored man
believed in me.
Straight out of prison
Wondering what I've been missing
Right out of the gates I stuck out my thumb
A van load of hippies
All from Mississippi
Stoped and asked, hey dude...what's going on
I'm here for adventure
Well hop in then Mister
Adventure is what we're all about
Now where we're all going
There's no way of knowing
A van of hippies and parolee freshly let out
We ended up in Disney
Me and all of the hippies
Where we had caboodles of fun
We met Mickey and he saw it
When I lifted his wallet
Now we're in the Magic Kingdom all on the run
We split in different directions
To throw off detection
It's A Small World is where I made my mistake
With that song stuck in my head
It's a fate worse than death
Prison now sounds like a wonderful place
We rendezvoused in
The Pirate's Of The Caribbean
Where soon after, in came the law
We all jumped from our boats
Splashing around in the moat
And had ourselves a good old fashioned pirate brawl
We soon made our escape
Out of exit door 88
Finding ourselves in Frontier Land at night
Where in the middle of the street
Were Mickey, Donald, and Goofy
All with guns strapped to their sides
We ran into a shop
And bought guns on the spot
All with Mickey's money...he's a mouse of a man
Mickey squeeks we're going to ruff you up
As Goofy holds up the cuffs
And Donald says something we can't understand
We had a shoot out
With cap guns no doubt
After all Disney runs a safe place
Ran out of caps in our guns
Which stopped our lives on the run
The wrath of Mickey we all now would face
After justice's hammer
I'm now back in the slammer
This time I made my own prison bed
Now I cry every day
What more can I say
With It's A Small World still stuck in my head
I feel like i'm trapped in a memory
one that increasingly changes
shifting like the change in seasons,
one moment I am in spring time,
alone in a field of flowers,
feeling a cool breeze through my hair,
while the sun beams down on me,
warming my bones.
The next I am plunged into fall,
amongst trees and falling leaves,
there are no birds here, they've all died,
so the forest sings no songs,
it breathes, but on its last breath,
into winter,
barren trees,
snow up to my ankles,
and deer lay in pools of blood,
tongue's sticking out of their mouths,
all the beauty has been sucked dry.
I leave the forest in search of something new,
only to come to the rocky waters,
at the edge I would listen to the siren's call,
As I work my hands through to make a bra from seashells, seaweed,
and twine.
They beckoned me forth,
to the edge of the cliff,
wishing to plunge me into the deep unsettling waters,
to suck my life, and my dreary thoughts from me.
Oh what a wonderful life it must be,
to be void of all thought and emotion.
I left the castles, and the forests behind me,
to find serenity by the water,
where I have always felt I belonged near,
the smell of salt water filling me up,
my feet coated in sand,
while I dreamed of something better than this,
but at most,
I found mountains, and dying trees,
and the wolves with sharp and jagged teeth.
Their claws digging into me,
ripping me open,
as all the beauty in me poured out,
pools of blood the colors of the rainbow,
the acid melting my brain,
devoid of all that I once knew,
because truthfully it never mattered anyway,
and at that moment I found myself standing on the edge of the cliff,
I jumped off into the air,
meeting the waters below,
the siren finally won,
taking my body,
plunging me into the depths,
the water had become my home,
forever more.
Oh! lustful pirate, I've watched you gaze over the sea,
Follow the horizon if you want to be with me.
Standing firm, looking glass to your face,
If you want my love youll have to pick up the pace.
You can bite, oh you can wrestle;
But youre just a boy riding along a cargo vessle.
Take a dive, and i'll make you a man,
I'll make it so you'll never step foot on land.
Jump in, dont be afraid,
What? havnt you ever gotten laid?.
Oh how exciting, its all happening so quick,
Now stop bobbing for air fool and let me bite off your dick.
Asian faerie pirate
Beautiful pirahna
Dancing firelights
Conversion faeries
Benny Grunch
Phantasmagoric unicorns
Mardi gras
Terpsichorean cassowaries
King cake
Satircal parody
Highly intelligent humor
Unliving dead
Bloody hell
Planned obsolescence
French Quarter
Baton Rouge
Rock &amp; roll
How did I manage
to be my own captive
on a capsized ship
I set sail on as captain
Now im the spit of the sea
on the shore of an island
when the ocean tasted me
she got violent
I drowned in disbelief
That the sea could deceive me
I got tangled in seaweed
while her waves swallowed me
And now my only rush
is the speed at which I sink
and my head is full of pressure
Sinking faster
Looked for treasure
But I only found disaster
let's get lost
for hours on end
exploring the city
turning down alleyways
taking long bus rides to nowhere
and buying things that we don't need
from shops that we'll never see again
let's get lost
in stories so old
that the pages smell like must,
pirates and faerie dust
let's get lost
in each other's minds
each and every embarrassing tale
a beautiful one
Let me in breathe deeply for the tale Im about to tell,
sweeping sails ease into the sea, flourished in the swell.
You can hear the women crying by the pier, ill at-ease
while their husbands sail off to lands, carried by the breeze.
Now what do the women do left behind the boat?
As stranger ships sail to the port, Mother takes in her petticoat.
I know how hard looks can be taken at just a glance,
regardless of the scurvy face, Mother will unbutton their pants.
Her name is nameless, speaking with a salacious tongue,
her fiery mouth spits filth to sailors, barely young.
Only when the moon is ripe does Mother come out to shine,
needing to begin her descent to a place where she will need a spine.
She creeps out the door after she laid her last babe asleep,
and waits at the harbor as the midnight fog hovers over the deep.
At long last the hungry boat appears in a stench of wettend want,
Mother hikes up her dress, traveling to the ship where sailors eye her taunt.
Marauding, boorish mariners await their nocturne from the best,
Mother stands on a platform; heated, bruised but offers up her chest.
Gentlemen callers and kith alike are ravenous for their time,
salt and raunch sift through her hair, carrying the crime.
All the Captains minions violently pinion Mother to the deck,
her coat thrown off and broach tucked away as the Captain smothers her neck.
Imprints of his lewd fingers trail down her waist,
cheers roar back and forth as greedy eyes are fervent to taste.
But Captain has other plans for Mother, the well-positioned wench,
and he picks her up, takes her back to the cabin as her jaw begins to clench.
Sea salt flourish his seedy beard and tinged by reddish hue,
his uncouth presence disturbed her as she stares his foul view.
She bobs her head toward his loins, knowing she has to please,
familiar with this gambit, she dulls his excitement as she adjusts her knees.
Mother takes his britches beckoning what lowly clings,
he is sighing ever farther- by god she is a martyr, how her belly stings!
Her mouth is tainted with taste of vermin, who is posed to death,
and reminds her that shes the whore who has stolen his breath.
His scrupulous moans echo throughout the vessel and go on until he is satisfied,
prostrate, he finishes as she and soiled floorboards collide.
What could have been debonair if he had helped her to her feet;
he pushes her out the cabin, to the deck where more sailors ache for someone sweet.
One by one, down she goes until she feels that it's her end,
she breathes relief, slathering funds into her pockets mend.
Now shes done and knows shes won another day of feeding her kin,
barely naked, she slides on her coat, covering her skin.
She leaves the men wanting more before another ascend to sea,
clawing at their grave, she bid them well and off the ship did she flee.
At home, she tended her fingers, crooked with splinters, where I saw her rise,
she looked at me that fateful night with weary, hazel eyes.
Her raspy voice did not regale her deed, but calmly put me back to sleep,
everyone knows a mother always has salty secrets she needs to keep.
So when you lay there, in your bed, trying to reach a doze,
think about where your mother gets the money to buy you warm clothes.
There may be a reason for her sleeping patterns at the top of noon,
and before you bid her goodnight, try to mind the moon.
Maybe there is a reason for all her harrowing tones,
but no one but the sailors know of the ways to make her groan.
So let me speak from knowledge from a mother that I hold dear,
do not fight with her when all she wants is to keep you near.
Eat your cooked cabbage and swallow your biscuit bread,
The life she is living may not be one of class, but it keeps a roof over your head.
A midnight ship with silver sails
And hoisted flags with scarlet tails
Is whisked by winds of golden gales
Descending from the skies above.
And though the decks are wet and soaken,
Still the hull is swift and oaken
So the course remains unbroken,
Trailing wakes of turtledoves.
With storm departed, then no sooner
Comes, unseen, a pirate schooner
Neath the nighttime, light and lunar,
Pouncing with a push and shove.
Though hope seems lost, a cyclone saves
Dispersing foes and other knaves
With frothy foamy fisted waves
Which strike like leaden leather gloves.
Secured, the ship has safely landed
- Left behind, the pirates stranded -
Passers-by are smiling candid,
Knowing not the worth thereof.
For hidden in the wooden hold
Is treasure bursting unforetold
- Far more than diamonds, thyme and gold -
It brings unbound a brothers Love.
To live is to research happiness
and homes for the pleasure of ending.
People, through illusions, can shape
happy possibilities from speech and position.
Don't write it out.
A life more useful than tragic
is original in a moment,
can transcend as well as
fall into mistakes and experiences.
To get your body to lean
as far forward over the
insurmountable bubble as possible,
Is to create magic that consists of gateways
and actions -- the outcome of which
can place a thinker with only few
leaps stranger than your enemies.
Always forgive.
Magic sometimes longer than a pause
between morality and naked minds
influences the two ways a relapse synapse will run.
The true temptation of safety can be
carpeted by play dough and play grounds.
It's better to not sustain interfering manufactors,
to not pirate the lies a man historically risks
on quality of thoughts,
But instead depend the nature of your virture
on exploration at the heart of echoes.
Why should you quit?
A human's greatest obstacle is finding the principles
we don't discover with the jailer listening and
men afraid to rock the boat.
Give better than you dare have.
Reset the age of the mind and give parallel
truths at the point of sweeping tides.
To understand the laws of popular drifting,
compromise the art of part establishing,
occupy an ambitious ideal;
You will lose an elevation over not being, not remembering.
Sometimes treading water becomes a nuisance,
and you'll lose a choice in the dungeon.
Don't abandon your force.
Don't regret the pursuit of circumstances.
Don't delude a reputation of bridges and evidence.
Empathy is traveling the world for imagination and salvation.
We are here for a spell; one equality
shreds the ears ready to get you in trouble.
Tell me, o muse, of that ingenious hero who travelled far and wide
after he had sacked the famous town of Troy. Many cities did he visit,
and many were the nations with whose manners and customs he was
acquainted; moreover he suffered much by sea while trying to save
his own life and bring his men safely home; but do what he might he
could not save his men, for they perished through their own sheer
folly in eating the cattle of the Sun-god Hyperion; so the god
prevented them from ever reaching home. Tell me, too, about all
these things, O daughter of Jove, from whatsoever source you may
know them.
So now all who escaped death in battle or by shipwreck had got
safely home except Ulysses, and he, though he was longing to return to
his wife and country, was detained by the goddess Calypso, who had got
him into a large cave and wanted to marry him. But as years went by,
there came a time when the gods settled that he should go back to
Ithaca; even then, however, when he was among his own people, his
troubles were not yet over; nevertheless all the gods had now begun to
pity him except Neptune, who still persecuted him without ceasing
and would not let him get home.
Now Neptune had gone off to the Ethiopians, who are at the worlds
end, and lie in two halves, the one looking West and the other East.
He had gone there to accept a hecatomb of sheep and oxen, and was
enjoying himself at his festival; but the other gods met in the
house of Olympian Jove, and the sire of gods and men spoke first. At
that moment he was thinking of Aegisthus, who had been killed by
Agamemnons son Orestes; so he said to the other gods:
See now, how men lay blame upon us gods for what is after all
nothing but their own folly. Look at Aegisthus; he must needs make
love to Agamemnons wife unrighteously and then kill Agamemnon, though
he knew it would be the death of him; for I sent Mercury to warn him
not to do either of these things, inasmuch as Orestes would be sure to
take his revenge when he grew up and wanted to return home. Mercury
told him this in all good will but he would not listen, and now he has
paid for everything in full.
Then Minerva said, Father, son of Saturn, King of kings, it
served Aegisthus right, and so it would any one else who does as he
did; but Aegisthus is neither here nor there; it is for Ulysses that
my heart bleeds, when I think of his sufferings in that lonely
sea-girt island, far away, poor man, from all his friends. It is an
island covered with forest, in the very middle of the sea, and a
goddess lives there, daughter of the magician Atlas, who looks after
the bottom of the ocean, and carries the great columns that keep
heaven and earth asunder. This daughter of Atlas has got hold of
poor unhappy Ulysses, and keeps trying by every kind of blandishment
to make him forget his home, so that he is tired of life, and thinks
of nothing but how he may once more see the smoke of his own chimneys.
You, sir, take no heed of this, and yet when Ulysses was before Troy
did he not propitiate you with many a burnt sacrifice? Why then should
you keep on being so angry with him?
And Jove said, My child, what are you talking about? How can I
forget Ulysses than whom there is no more capable man on earth, nor
more liberal in his offerings to the immortal gods that live in
heaven? Bear in mind, however, that Neptune is still furious with
Ulysses for having blinded an eye of Polyphemus king of the
Cyclopes. Polyphemus is son to Neptune by the nymph Thoosa, daughter
to the sea-king Phorcys; therefore though he will not kill Ulysses
outright, he torments him by preventing him from getting home.
Still, let us lay our heads together and see how we can help him to
return; Neptune will then be pacified, for if we are all of a mind
he can hardly stand out against us.
And Minerva said, Father, son of Saturn, King of kings, if, then,
the gods now mean that Ulysses should get home, we should first send
Mercury to the Ogygian island to tell Calypso that we have made up our
minds and that he is to return. In the meantime I will go to Ithaca,
to put heart into Ulysses son Telemachus; I will embolden him to call
the Achaeans in assembly, and speak out to the suitors of his mother
Penelope, who persist in eating up any number of his sheep and oxen; I
will also conduct him to Sparta and to Pylos, to see if he can hear
anything about the return of his dear fatherfor this will make
people speak well of him.
So saying she bound on her glittering golden sandals,
imperishable, with which she can fly like the wind over land or sea;
she grasped the redoubtable bronze-shod spear, so stout and sturdy and
strong, wherewith she quells the ranks of heroes who have displeased
her, and down she darted from the topmost summits of Olympus,
whereon forthwith she was in Ithaca, at the gateway of Ulysses house,
disguised as a visitor, Mentes, chief of the Taphians, and she held
a bronze spear in her hand. There she found the lordly suitors
seated on hides of the oxen which they had killed and eaten, and
playing draughts in front of the house. Men-servants and pages were
bustling about to wait upon them, some mixing wine with water in the
mixing-bowls, some cleaning down the tables with wet sponges and
laying them out again, and some cutting up great quantities of meat.
Telemachus saw her long before any one else did. He was sitting
moodily among the suitors thinking about his brave father, and how
he would send them flying out of the house, if he were to come to
his own again and be honoured as in days gone by. Thus brooding as
he sat among them, he caught sight of Minerva and went straight to the
gate, for he was vexed that a stranger should be kept waiting for
admittance. He took her right hand in his own, and bade her give him
her spear. Welcome, said he, to our house, and when you have
partaken of food you shall tell us what you have come for.
He led the way as he spoke, and Minerva followed him. When they were
within he took her spear and set it in the spearstand against a
strong bearing-post along with the many other spears of his unhappy
father, and he conducted her to a richly decorated seat under which he
threw a cloth of damask. There was a footstool also for her feet,
and he set another seat near her for himself, away from the suitors,
that she might not be annoyed while eating by their noise and
insolence, and that he might ask her more freely about his father.
A maid servant then brought them water in a beautiful golden ewer
and poured it into a silver basin for them to wash their hands, and
she drew a clean table beside them. An upper servant brought them
bread, and offered them many good things of what there was in the
house, the carver fetched them plates of all manner of meats and set
cups of gold by their side, and a man-servant brought them wine and
poured it out for them.
Then the suitors came in and took their places on the benches and
seats. Forthwith men servants poured water over their hands, maids
went round with the bread-baskets, pages filled the mixing-bowls
with wine and water, and they laid their hands upon the good things
that were before them. As soon as they had had enough to eat and drink
they wanted music and dancing, which are the crowning embellishments
of a banquet, so a servant brought a lyre to Phemius, whom they
compelled perforce to sing to them. As soon as he touched his lyre and
began to sing Telemachus spoke low to Minerva, with his head close
to hers that no man might hear.
I hope, sir, said he, that you will not be offended with what I
am going to say. Singing comes cheap to those who do not pay for it,
and all this is done at the cost of one whose bones lie rotting in
some wilderness or grinding to powder in the surf. If these men were
to see my father come back to Ithaca they would pray for longer legs
rather than a longer purse, for money would not serve them; but he,
alas, has fallen on an ill fate, and even when people do sometimes say
that he is coming, we no longer heed them; we shall never see him
again. And now, sir, tell me and tell me true, who you are and where
you come from. Tell me of your town and parents, what manner of ship
you came in, how your crew brought you to Ithaca, and of what nation
they declared themselves to befor you cannot have come by land. Tell
me also truly, for I want to know, are you a stranger to this house,
or have you been here in my fathers time? In the old days we had many
visitors for my father went about much himself.
And Minerva answered, I will tell you truly and particularly all
about it. I am Mentes, son of Anchialus, and I am King of the
Taphians. I have come here with my ship and crew, on a voyage to men
of a foreign tongue being bound for Temesa with a cargo of iron, and I
shall bring back copper. As for my ship, it lies over yonder off the
open country away from the town, in the harbour Rheithron under the
wooded mountain Neritum. Our fathers were friends before us, as old
Laertes will tell you, if you will go and ask him. They say,
however, that he never comes to town now, and lives by himself in
the country, faring hardly, with an old woman to look after him and
get his dinner for him, when he comes in tired from pottering about
his vineyard. They told me your father was at home again, and that was
why I came, but it seems the gods are still keeping him back, for he
is not dead yet not on the mainland. It is more likely he is on some
sea-girt island in mid ocean, or a prisoner among savages who are
detaining him against his will I am no prophet, and know very little
about omens, but I speak as it is borne in upon me from heaven, and
assure you that he will not be away much longer; for he is a man of
such resource that even though he were in chains of iron he would find
some means of getting home again. But tell me, and tell me true, can
Ulysses really have such a fine looking fellow for a son? You are
indeed wonderfully like him about the head and eyes, for we were close
friends before he set sail for Troy where the flower of all the
Argives went also. Since that time we have never either of us seen the
other.
My mother, answered Telemachus, tells me I am son to Ulysses,
but it is a wise child that knows his own father. Would that I were
son to one who had grown old upon his own estates, for, since you
ask me, there is no more ill-starred man under heaven than he who they
tell me is my father.
And Minerva said, There is no fear of your race dying out yet,
while Penelope has such a fine son as you are. But tell me, and tell
me true, what is the meaning of all this feasting, and who are these
people? What is it all about? Have you some banquet, or is there a
wedding in the familyfor no one seems to be bringing any
provisions of his own? And the guestshow atrociously they are
behaving; what riot they make over the whole house; it is enough to
disgust any respectable person who comes near them.
Sir, said Telemachus, as regards your question, so long as my
father was here it was well with us and with the house, but the gods
in their displeasure have willed it otherwise, and have hidden him
away more closely than mortal man was ever yet hidden. I could have
borne it better even though he were dead, if he had fallen with his
men before Troy, or had died with friends around him when the days
of his fighting were done; for then the Achaeans would have built a
mound over his ashes, and I should myself have been heir to his
renown; but now the storm-winds have spirited him away we know not
wither; he is gone without leaving so much as a trace behind him,
and I inherit nothing but dismay. Nor does the matter end simply
with grief for the loss of my father; heaven has laid sorrows upon
me of yet another kind; for the chiefs from all our islands,
Dulichium, Same, and the woodland island of Zacynthus, as also all the
principal men of Ithaca itself, are eating up my house under the
pretext of paying their court to my mother, who will neither point
blank say that she will not marry, nor yet bring matters to an end; so
they are making havoc of my estate, and before long will do so also
with myself.
Is that so? exclaimed Minerva, then you do indeed want Ulysses
home again. Give him his helmet, shield, and a couple lances, and if
he is the man he was when I first knew him in our house, drinking
and making merry, he would soon lay his hands about these rascally
suitors, were he to stand once more upon his own threshold. He was
then coming from Ephyra, where he had been to beg poison for his
arrows from Ilus, son of Mermerus. Ilus feared the ever-living gods
and would not give him any, but my father let him have some, for he
was very fond of him. If Ulysses is the man he then was these
suitors will have a short shrift and a sorry wedding.
But there! It rests with heaven to determine whether he is to
return, and take his revenge in his own house or no; I would, however,
urge you to set about trying to get rid of these suitors at once. Take
my advice, call the Achaean heroes in assembly to-morrow -lay your
case before them, and call heaven to bear you witness. Bid the suitors
take themselves off, each to his own place, and if your mothers
mind is set on marrying again, let her go back to her father, who will
find her a husband and provide her with all the marriage gifts that so
dear a daughter may expect. As for yourself, let me prevail upon you
to take the best ship you can get, with a crew of twenty men, and go
in quest of your father who has so long been missing. Some one may
tell you something, or (and people often hear things in this way) some
heaven-sent message may direct you. First go to Pylos and ask
Nestor; thence go on to Sparta and visit Menelaus, for he got home
last of all the Achaeans; if you hear that your father is alive and on
his way home, you can put up with the waste these suitors will make
for yet another twelve months. If on the other hand you hear of his
death, come home at once, celebrate his funeral rites with all due
pomp, build a barrow to his memory, and make your mother marry
again. Then, having done all this, think it well over in your mind
how, by fair means or foul, you may kill these suitors in your own
house. You are too old to plead infancy any longer; have you not heard
how people are singing Orestes praises for having killed his fathers
murderer Aegisthus? You are a fine, smart looking fellow; show your
mettle, then, and make yourself a name in story. Now, however, I
must go back to my ship and to my crew, who will be impatient if I
keep them waiting longer; think the matter over for yourself, and
remember what I have said to you.
Sir, answered Telemachus, it has been very kind of you to talk to
me in this way, as though I were your own son, and I will do all you
tell me; I know you want to be getting on with your voyage, but stay a
little longer till you have taken a bath and refreshed yourself. I
will then give you a present, and you shall go on your way
rejoicing; I will give you one of great beauty and valuea keepsake
such as only dear friends give to one another.
Minerva answered, Do not try to keep me, for I would be on my way
at once. As for any present you may be disposed to make me, keep it
till I come again, and I will take it home with me. You shall give
me a very good one, and I will give you one of no less value in
return.
With these words she flew away like a bird into the air, but she had
given Telemachus courage, and had made him think more than ever
about his father. He felt the change, wondered at it, and knew that
the stranger had been a god, so he went straight to where the
suitors were sitting.
Phemius was still singing, and his hearers sat rapt in silence as he
told the sad tale of the return from Troy, and the ills Minerva had
laid upon the Achaeans. Penelope, daughter of Icarius, heard his
song from her room upstairs, and came down by the great staircase, not
alone, but attended by two of her handmaids. When she reached the
suitors she stood by one of the bearing posts that supp
Why do I sigh so?
You should know
why I sigh so!
Your eyes fill me
with love and glee
while your masculine smell
envelopes me all too well.
Your kisses are soft and sure
while you still act cheeky and demure.
Our innuendos and jokes,
grabs and pokes
make the hours pass like minutes.
You hold my hand
like it's a piece of treasure
and you're the pirate with the pleasure
of protecting it.
Your countless stares
evoke flares
of passion in my heart,
so even if we are apart
I know that you are there
and that you will <strong>always</strong> think me fair.
You love me
as I love you.
That is as true
as the blue sea
where we, together,
will swim happily.
Cold, smooth stone
smooth like a hundred rivers
washed over
giving it shape
a long journey
of lost pirate ships in the deep
overgrown moss
like a carpet
under my feet
Cold, smooth stone
tell me
the tales of lovers
against your surface
the sun beating on you
and the moon
caressing your beauty
children dancing
using you as a stepping stone
Freckle-faced smiles
turning into serious eyes
campfires burning
enchanting legends of ghost stories
starry nights without sleep
Cold, smooth stone
tell me the
secret of reasoning
a thought, a mood, a moment
the feel of our skin connecting
laughter loud and in one voice
Cold, smooth stone
tell me the mysteries
of life.
hear my cry oh ones of the red east;
o one of the white tundra appropo
of ur ice-laden hills;
and ur red mountains of sand;
there others ancestors walk;
artfully in red clay;discoursing
on poetry; distributing ur bounty
among the Somali pirates who imprison
poets; I want her free imprisoned for being
beautiful is a first in our world;
that is the clarion to the revolution
it was the kind of heat
that slicks your skin
and dampens your clothing,
matting it to your body
but i kept on walking
each step was another day closer
15
14
13
12
the edge was getting closer
11
10
unbearably hot
but somehow comforting,
like a blanket
it engulfed me
and it started to feel okay
to be exposed
9
8
7
i could hear the waves
getting louder
as they crashed onto the rocks
spewing foam up the sides of the cliff
6
5
4
the baby carriage was getting harder to push,
as i had loaded it with more
at each step
3
2
my mothers tears,
some naivety,
thoughts of looking back,
fear,
anxiety,
questions
1
things that i didn't need anymore
swelled in the buggy
and the day was here
to let them go
the drop was steep
and unrelenting
0
with a swift push,
i covered my eyes
and listened to it fall
as i rose
into the sky
higher
and higher
and higher
goodbye
to everything holding me back
my destination,
new and uncharted,
was all that was on my mind
and as i looked out
over the Pacific Ocean
the fear of saying goodbye
became nothing
but a shipwreck in my past,
a reminder that
it is so much easier to say hello
and welcome each new experience
with reckless abandon
i can still look into the velvet depths of the night,
whether in forest or perched on a windowsill grazing
my eyes into the night, and still see nothing except myself;
or you should see me walking down for a refill
of ice-cubes listening to <em>toots &amp; the maytals'</em> 54-46
that's my number - i know whitey boy albino given
an injection of rhythm, well at least you were given
a creative outlet under the stiff-upper lips of the redcoats,
the jews weren't even told to build the pyramids under Hitler,
you gave us the blues, jazz, and pirate reggae,
what could the fucking jews offer us to compensate the atrocities?
fuck all apart from memorable guilt and autobiographies!
oh yeah, and german industrial music, what fun!
ha ha... robo- -boy with alias Kraftwerk.
in my long gone list of artists i forgot to mention
Alpha Blondy &amp; Barrington Levy - high fidelity poetry
by someone not called nick hornby.
have you crossed me
jump
oh
bridge builders
concrete me
an wall
jump
pirates luted
cross me
again
oh
river on golden locks
curse me under your breath
that witches scent of abduction
my boundaries did you say
what
boundries
bound dries
what
?
...
..
.
You are simply beyond description.
For a definition is but a collection of words, and those words are just letters working together to tell a story.
But your laugh takes me on an adventure through worlds undiscovered. Your eyes are deep oceans filled with tales of past shipwrecks before you realized that you were the treasure. Your heartbeat is a symphony composed in a melody that only we know.
So while describing you is this fool's errand, I know mere words will never completely capture you.
For words are just letters working together to be beautiful, and you are more beautiful than any group of words can ever hope to be.
I seek for solace in your chest. I dig and carve into it to find a place I can call home. But your ribcage holds a shipwreck, your treasure washed ashore. Your waters seize me and I am capsized like all the other boats that have ventured here before. Your pirates smile gleams; deceiving me into thinking that drowning is somehow euphoric. And against your currents warmth, all my thoughts are clouded, like a beast, I search to fill my whirling hunger. A feeling of longing arises as I dissipate to the bottom of your seabed, my hand reaching for the surface, calling for air.
I am here to tell you that drowning me will not kill me. You may waterborne my body a hundred times, but I will come back with the same mean look in my eyes. You may have been defeated, crushed by an ally even, but I am not here to give you my condolences. Part of you has died. Accept it. The funeral flowers have wilted and the candles out. I seek for the life that exists after everyone departs. I am here to rebuild upon the aftermath, not sit in wallow and waste. I am here to discover the city that hides under your waves of heartbreak. The world moves forward and I am asking you to move forward with me. Let your waters calm and set the gale afar. The sun is rising and we are awake with it.
Fuck imagery.
What have the faded stars
ever done for me?
Fuck metaphor.
The cave thats black
without my torch.
Fuck simile,
like shitty timing
and mistresses.
Fuck rhyming.
Ill say to you,
just keep climbing.
Fuck alliteration.
Ill illustrate irritability
inked in inevitability.
Fuck me, because
I love the stars
painted on the cavern walls,
mysterious midnight rendezvous,
digging my fingers into rock and dirt
like fish love to flirt with waterfalls,
but most of all I love to set
your sails atop my sea,
who pirates named,
our poetry.
You told me time and again how you did it, life I mean
how you never let anything beat you, man or machine
How you got sick and tired of being sick and tired
you know underdog gets angry and so triumphs
The innumerable possessions you acquired
And I remember the feel good story of ..
the guy who knew
so little about a business
Then went on to become a huge success
and I remember everyone in town thought you were great
From the homeless man on the corner, to the district attorney
all you needed was a running mate
I'm surprised the elbows in your shirts lasted
Given all the rubbing they went through
and I remember you could cook
And sew, you could sew better than most women
which would serve to fuel more than one smile
on more than one occasion
You were an admirable man, by anyone's standards
I remember how you always had an answer for everything
Me myself
Things DO beat me sometimes
for me sometimes you win, sometimes you get beat
Win or lose is NOT the issue
but that I have the heart to stand toe to toe with life day after day
And I say that with a heavy heart because
Because I've lost friends who couldn't
And I get sick and tired too, but for me, sick and tired go hand in hand
Like Sunshine and rain, like happy and sad
Like up and down or good and bad
For me, That's just life, it does that, I have two little rules
#1 Don't sweat the small stuff
and
#2 It's ALL small stuff
Business, sore subject
Moving on ...
Hey! I CAN tell you about being a pirate!
Not a peg leg, patch over one eye kind of pirate
A ship commandeering, treasure hunting pirate
you should know though that
I may refer to something like a bed as a "ship," and to me
Not all treasure is made of gold
But that's me
The people in this town don't all think I'm great
The district attorney certainly knows my name but, we're not friends
I'm friends with the homeless guy on the corner
I stuck a dinner in the microwave last night for two minutes
does that constitute cooking?
I haven't sewn in years
And they don't let me play with guns these days, you know, since
the incident ;~
I don't have all the answers, not even close, I wish I did
But then
You know one thing I NEVER could get you to understand dad
I'm not you
I want to run away to Never land
With Peter Pan
And fight pirates
With the Lost Boys
I want to paint a fence
With Tom Sawyer's duped friends
And laugh away my fear of
The dreaded Joe
I want to fake my death
With Huck Finn
Maybe float away from my problems
With him
I want to drift down a river
Fake my death
Fly in the sky
And never come back
Write me into those pages
And send me away to the print
I just want a forever
Where hate isn't
Spin me through Wonderland
And I'll eat with the March hare
I'll measure my hight with Alice
And paint the roses red
Send me a mystery
And I'll search with Nancy Drew
Find the clues to the answer
Solve a riddle or two
I want to look at the sky
And see the words
The book thief is raining
Down
I want to fly and live and travel
And I want to believe
Again
In childhood dreams.
Nobody had herd from him in two weeks time.
I knew Bob was a lot of things a drunk a recluse a self exiled outcast.
But one thing he never was had been silent .
We were occasional drinking buddies going back to many years to recall
We were the professional drunks the radicals to those who lived under the illusion playing nice somehow granted you immortality.
I hadn't gone by there in awhile .
Sometimes you just have to go with a feeling .
The last time I went there to his house it was to fuckingsilent.
The old character that filled that silence was gone .
And I simply knew his place was no longer here .
We lived alone, we lived like pirates with no concern for tomorrow .
And no matter how you view it one day everyone has to fucking die .
It's funny how the annoying characters when no longer around truly let you know how silent the world could be .
I always drank alone and now literally that's how from now on it would remain.
I wasn't one for making friends seemed to much like a dam job .
You had to be a person that wasn't me .
I was a loner it kept me safe I wasn't the type who asked for shit from anyone else .
Still it stung knowing are last drink was are goodbye.
But life is never planned we sat that evening watched the sunset .
Laughed about old times and sat just listening to music in the dark of a summer night .
I couldn't have written it better myself.
"Man you ever think about stopping drinking"?
I had asked him one morning after one hell of a bender .
"Yeah when I'm dead cowboy".
He responded with that goofy ass laugh of his .
Sitting here on this night the sound of me and the crickets outside I had to think to myself of my old friend .
Well guess he finally put down the bottle down for good.
No matter the time that passes you will always be missed my brother .
And now I simply continue where you left off .
I tried to quit smoking last week. And my best friend died for eighteen hours. Such a deep loss has only been felt by rose hips, in the early winter, after the petals have fallen to the ground, like snow, like jumpers from high-rise buildings, like a maiden, after that last, fatal step off the plank, with swords at her back, and the horizon calling to her, the song of the Sirens drifting up from the ocean floor. Dropping, like petals, caught in a harsh winter breeze. The left-overs, the carcases of the flowers that were and are no more, watch with eyes of sorrow and hearts of lead, as each friend, companion, lover, even casual aquaintance plummets, to land on the already frozen soil of a dead, snowless, Colorado winter.
I died with my friend. My roots were tangled, and with each second that passed, a million axes took bites out of them, feasting on my identity. The axes were only gold-plated, it would seem, and not pure, unadulterated precious metal. Engraved in the paper-thin facade was a name, a face, and a hope, all of which were merely a poor excuse for an excersise in willpower. The cold, iron blade shone through the thin, gently curved lines of lip and ear and eye made of nebula. With each breath that passed between loosely parted lips, I felt myself fade, giving my everthing to the world (hope, name, face) that had, only moments before, murdered my closest companion.
My eyes grew steadily hard, increased stone-content. By 6:30, I had been staring into the eyes of my mistress, Medusa, for at least two hours, my head filled with love songs and daydreams, clutching straws and holding out for the one perfect moment that would shed a brief light on my life, which is, in all reality, the afformentioned pirate ship, but void of lamps, candles, or any other means of illumination.
Questions flowed to the surface of my disjointed mind in a stream, a river, an oceanic current of molten rock and sloppy second guesses.
(Will one hurt? Half? Just one puff? Why? Why? Why?)
And as I turned to stone, I finally found the courage to answer one of the questions that my brain shot itself with, injected into its own blood stream. The question was the sole bullet in a revolving, high-stakes betting game, the answer, the fourth trigger pull, with only two chances left anyway.
(Because... I don't know why...)
So stand up, go to the place you have thought about two-million times, and, yes, smoke, smoke, smoke that cigarette.
As my friend rose from the dead, pushing aside the boulder blocking the entrance to its tomb, which everyone knew was just a temporary tenement, and we were reunited, we spoke of fascists. Well, I spoke of fascists, it listened. I spoke of the kind of fascists that exist in grayscale television commercials, spewing ingnorant words about the untimely deaths of beloved family members, who give me dirty looks in public, and have forced me into alleyways, across streets, out of sight, out of mind, to the back of the bus, as if non-smokers live forever, as if everyone can accomplish said impossible feat, if not for the evil plant, the evil spiritual plant that poses a threat to the well-ordered religious structures, pyres built for martyrs and long-dead saviors.
I have only begged for eternity once, and I was very young, with years of rocks and hard places ahead, only pink clouds behind, and eyes incapable of foresight. This boy ate apples, and drew on his arms with black pen every Sunday. Go into the church clean, bathed, come out with temorary full-sleeve tattoos. This boy was made of wonder, myth, and blind acceptance. No longer.
I have now gazed into an eternity made of open graves, lost loves, and harsh, barbed-wire truths, punctuated with sharp, jabbing exclamation points of brief pleasure that only seem to make the reality of eternity worse. I am a masochist, and even I don't want that. A body can only function for so long without sleep before the motor wears out, the radiator breaks, the gasket leaks, and the marbles flee from the growing insanity of their owner. We all need to rest eventually, and in my secret mind - the one that grimaces with sick pleasure and only shows its teeth in the lines of a poem, slightly blurred by metaphor - I long for that sleep. I am tired, but the day is only half done. But each sun sets, and we can not deny it that truth, that sensation of finality that settles upon senile eyes like a cataract, that snuggles against warm, pink lungs in all its black, tar-like splendor.
Truth, like so many other things in this solar system, only takes shape when under the eye of a microscope, with a passive viewer sewn to the end of it, with the sole intention of passing judgement before shouting "NEXT," and repeating the process untill they either run out of things to judge (blame, think, guilt-trip) or die.
So, smoke, smoke, smoke that cigarette. Puff, puff, puff it and let us hope they never get to either of us, old friend.
The boat I'm in
My boat is one that makes you feel small.
One that you can easily hide in:
Small windows, while lots of sun makes it to the deck,
Its shiny, and white, with bronze banisters.
If you look close, it's all a shade of aged green.
Cedar deck planks shine,
But floorboards below are cracking.
The meals and entertainment never fail to impress;
But the boat staff are ready to walk the plank.
Its motor tries its best,
With white sails, wrapped up tight,
dusty from lack of use, unfold into grey billows for backup.
Their thin cotton gets tired easily,
They often rip when the storms blow.
The boat I'm on only passes the beautiful islands,
Close enough to see, but too afraid of the shallow waters.
The boat I'm on passes pirates daily,
Hearing their threats, shouts and banter.
The boat I'm on passes cruise liners,
wishing one day it too could hold so many happy, relaxed people.
The boat I'm on wonders why guests don't stay longer
and come more often.
The boat Im in is sick of only serving me.
The one who is stuck here aboard,
The one who is so bored of this sad boat;
Although it could show me the world,
It commonly finds itself in little blue lagoons.
Dark waters with low hanging trees
and thick reeds to get caught up on.
Occasionallyguests will take me out,
Out to crystal clear, blue waters of the wild ocean,
We enjoy the sunshine and the sounds of the sea.
But me and my boat always seem to float away.
Away from the beautiful blue waters,
closer and closer to the murky banks,
Think mud wanting to swallow the white edges of my smile,
And the sides of my boat.
Waking up startled, to battering wind and rain.
Tide marks surging to great gasping heights.
Catching breaths stolen by the wind.
Ashes to ashes and dust to dust.
Watching idly by while pieces of you dissolve into the shadows.
I want those clouds weaving through my fingertips.
Their curious renderings like powdered dirty sugar.
Taste it and they fall heavy with gloom like tart death in the aftermath of such storm.
<em>Counting the miles to the storm.
Ticking, tocking, and clicking.
The clock waiting in anticipation for the next thunderous sound.
Cold shivers up my spine like a thousand Carolina insults.
Your ghost still haunts and seeps into my pores lastly at night.
I taste defeat in the way you love.
It's like weaving clouds between my fingertips
Trying to grasp and hold onto every flowing motion of you pulling away from me</em>
My cold, cracked walls are surged.
Towered over in their crumbling decay.
I want to taste your rain.
Your lips gently sink into mine.
Crushed velvet smooth and warm waking up the army of dead hearts ready for battle.
I am no warrior but there's blood painted across my sky.
Red sky in the morning, sailors warning, as I float on out into your turbulent seas.
Looking back on shore I realize that I'm finally home.
<em>These seas roll uneasy.
Queasy.
Watching thru the mist towards our lighthouse that guided us to these depths
Trembling away like an afterthought.
The land has disappeared into the mouth of the shark.
Digested in the belly of a whale of angels.
Our sorrow holds us here, anchoring us to the tumultuous waves.
We battle our sea sickness with kisses of death lingering.
The soft pull of our exile turned oblivion.</em>
Navigating with open wounds the silky expanse of midnight unwinding above us, within us.
Knowing us through and through.
An island of quivering vulnerability breaks the static horizon.
Lights, smog beginning to choke the sea air in my lungs.
Too long you've been left unkempt, grown comfortable.
That will change with new currents,
North winds bringing the frigid breath of winter.
<em>Licking the sun off of the salty expanse of our sunburned red flesh.
The orgasm of desperation lingers thru our moaning fingers
Feeling and pleading for our SOS call to be heard by anyones ears but ours.
The shores of this icy water leave my mind beneath the dredges of polar sleep.
We've grown strained, frost bitten, and distant in the few feet we are able to part.
The growling of hunger satiates our parched thirst.</em>
I am rendered speechless adrift without you.
Hurricanes a coming.
Stand fast.
Secure the riggings.
Solaris brightens to light the way into calmer seas.
Those tepid shores of wonder and new beginnings fade into the horizon.
It's just you and me left to face the swelling tide.
Hang on.
The water is rising.
No one left to pull us saturated and insatiable from these waters of shadow and secrets.
<strong>The siren's song will bring us to our sharp shore end.
Resist the silky flow of nocturnal snakes wrapped around chilled flesh
Pulling closer to our aquatic hearts.
Hades and Persephone bond.
Glowing abysmal rage.
Holy grail veins.
Bleeding back into the orange crush dawn.
Night gives way to hollow rebirth
But once again we are inside one another.
Infinite.</strong>
<em>These waves crash on overboard.
Trying to drag us back into the frigid depths with each ebb and flow.
With each crash of wave I can feel our resolve growing weaker.
The sensation of just letting go and giving in.
Should we let go and just give in?
Leave ourselves at the mercy of shipwrecks.
This hurricane dance we've perfected on the endless depthless ocean
Left us weak and willing to pull ourselves apart.
To taste our insides on the outsides.
How many times I've wondered have you noticed my stare.
The lustful licking of my sun blistered lips.
I want to taste the way you think and feel the warmth of your life to keep me alive.
The oceans call, I have heard, brings out the worst in sailors.
Always searching for the elusive siren to sing us a song.
A song from the depths of mythology to lullaby us away from our status adrift.</em>
Our bodies collide in the tide once more.
Salted skin heated and torn
Latching on to something greater than just depths of starless prose.
You were a wicker man, weaved strong and whole.
I was a water girl, slipping straight through your bowl.
Wishes flow to and fro on tepid air laced with promises.
Our fingertips will never lose grip again,
the melody writhing between us like staccato heartbeats
Seeking solace on the endless seas.
*These waves rock us to shoreline.
Rock strewn and littered with the ribcages of whales
And the bows and sterns of shipwrecks long ago.
We pick up these pieces and hold them closest to our chest
Realizing the possibilities of a new home and a new start to this oceanic life we've drifted into.
We build a fire to warm our hearts and suspend our thoughts
Cradled and nestled in the crook of each others arms we leave our sea and our island
Soaring high into the clouds and the sleep weve begged for with our parched lips and swollen tongues.
Our dreams at night are the call of the sea begging to be drowned in our sand encrusted lungs,
To be one with us and our failures
The bequeathing cry of the seagull wakes us dully from our slumber
We peer out with sea salted eyes and realize it was all just a dream
We shout for help with all the voice we can muster
Letting in lungs full of icy ocean and dead crustaceans
Filling our bodies like bags of sand immobile
Weve been sleeping with our anchors held closely
Down in the depths of the endless ocean rolling.
Thy mother's bounty bundled in thy swaddling
Took up the cry to capture mine own craft,
And taking arms, thou plundered of my coddling;
Enslaved, I toil to serve upon thy raft.
Thy word is law, thy captaincy commanding,
I sleep not lest I miss my master's call;
Thy will is served, thy drudgery demanding,
Through foul and fair I weather all thy squall.
Thy institution has me fear the looming
Of pirate vessels, renowned for their shrift,
Majestic sails billowed in handsome pluming,
Looting thy spoils and setting me adrift.
Surrendered now unto thy vasty sea,
I dread the day thy heart will mutiny.
the breeze in Belize makes the bees start to sneeze. I probably wont pasteurize penguin milk, for political purposes. Porpoises postulate, predicting prophesies about pleather and underground ivory pirates. These words are gaps
between my teeth
the isle of cut-throat
key janglers, the ones with 20s crumpled in their panties
and stale smoke as the aftertaste
i will wrangle your body
for an oil pastel set
so suck me drier than the Moab
and smear the colors around like a soft serve
chocolate and peaches
i watch rugged pirates like the deep colors
of winter
black and tarnished
they sail off with
barrels of slick dreams and human liquid fantasies
getting tipsy off my honey sweet whiskey
whisk me away
the horizon leaks, the color crawls like
gold drool
dripping of a godly
dog
Yankees, Reds and Red Sox
Royals, Rockies, Braves
Mariners and White Sox
Cardinals, Blue Jays
Angels, Orioles, Diamondbacks
Nationals and Twins
Tigers, Brewers, Pirates
Astros, Indians
Dodgers, Rangers, Mets and Cubs
Phillies and Padres
Giants, Marlins and the A's
Let's not forget those Devil Rays
Up as early as the dawn, clouds sifting leftward westward shimmer and drip-- half like empty crystal void, half like deep-ocean Mariana's Trench with happy-little-pockmarks all up-in-between.
What in the Heroes am I doing up so early on a Thursday morning? Not sleeping. Downloading new video games via Pirate Bay. Watching old-analog-rendition documentaries from History Channel circa early 2000's-- one doc in particular about U.S. government tests on unwilling (and largely unknowing) civilian populations. I as the orifice and experiencier of the world at large, all at ONCE THRU THE EYEZ and at TWICE THRU THE BRAINIAL CRANIAL and out thru the thoughts and words and cramped headspace full of starships, pornography, eloquent and twisting sunrise dimensionals...
<em>The Internet</em>? It'll make you the <em>universe</em> as-if you <em>weren't</em> the <em>universe</em> <strong><em>already</em></strong>!
Straight through the blood and sweat and 'it's-too-earlies-for-this.' You wanted a bit of laughter, and that's exactly what you got.
Though it time-lapses across my faulty-flick'ring eyelids, I can tell past the Buddha-Bottle-Buddha-Themed-Beer sitting empty on the windowsill amidst a wild collection of coffee cups and power converters that the Sun sees the Capital Letters that were written out line-for-line in Times New Roman across my RNA-DNA slow-Saganite Cosmic Poetry by God the Author.
Eyelids are heavy and yet inverted and living-- <em>real</em> and concerned with loving the affair of life rather than the marriage! Life as an unofficial longevity-but-not-forever kinda thing.. like young love, old love, marriage, too, when you really get down to it.. just confused little souls feeling pulled to one another in the proverbial Dark Under the Sunlight and Illuminated by Aurora Borealis Forever-Daytime-Forever-Nighttime-Forever.. Syrian rebels waking up on a Monday morning to the sound of gunfire and <strong>ALLAHU AKBAR</strong>'s in distance.. creeps, yea, a television Evangelist preaching God is Love and God Treats His Children Like Children (discipline the soul, yes? discipline the soul!) (kill the widow and ask her why you did it)
All the preaching homelessers who think they've found God in the same dark alleyway they found their snot-drenched headaches every casted winter night-- neglected by the Government, always remembered by the God-- Lucifer (Government, Passivity, Watchful Indifference), and God (A Few Dollars Here and There, A Shamanic Vision at Franciscan Ascetic Extremity) <strong><em>aaaahhhh</em></strong> all bungled-up and waiting for a Savior when the Savior is themselves or the debt they owe to Royal Life Ltd. and we wait like the rest of them, they angry over my no-dollars-to-spare ("<em>look, I make rent, I grab groceries, I pay debt. In all likelihood, you have more money than I do right now. I'd love to help you out if our poverty's weren't so close to kissing</em>") all such rudeness in one respect and yet delinquently honest.. how I can admire the travelling Hippie Bands reckless abandon and yet never forget to fear Abandon..
and all the preaching Home-Leasers.. the strangeness' clad in glass and patchwork straight-black perm-pressed leadership stench and pastel markers smeared across the sidewalk.. ".. <em>if you take away your consideration of the company's weak future bond equity, there are three different ways we could tackle this project</em>.." busy-ness-man.. snarky and corrected with a Job To Do. But Who Am I?
A Job To Do. A Job To Do Do Do Do.
NOT so much A Job Well Done (Never Quite A Job Well Done) (serendipity has a crease-and-fold collective opinion of our concrete jungles and military juntas.. "<em>'I can't even watch the game tonight.. Brasilia is the capital of Brazil?' 'Sao Paulo, you drunk buffoon.''No, Brasilia!' 'Sao Paulo!'</em>")
stupors, collect-calls, drag-queens, militant armies and school shooters in bullet-proof vests all the best, all the <em>best</em>.. what I wanted was a reason to crease my forehead all adult-like and say to the kid, "<em>I really think you'd do a lot better in computer networking.. check the job statistics! international openings are through the ROOF</em>.." and she sighs at the weight of every crush-ed dream coalescing into filmy-slime-froth at top of inadequately-heated Cream of Mushroom Soup.. what silty salty <em>shit</em>.. all the parochial worldviews of the 20th century being swallowed in the Liberal Boom and Bust, Boom and Bust, Boom and <strong>Big Busty Bitch Sucks Bloated Balls</strong> (click the link and see your fantasies pass Disney's red-light and hit <strong><em>anal penetration</em></strong> with a vintage glass bottle of ol' <em>Coca Cola Noir</em>)..
After a sleepless neverend night, I stayed up and bored on the black leather couch with my roommates cat waltzing in-an-out-an-in-an-out still confused at his relatively recent move to our war-zone clone of a home.. poor bastard of a cat, names <em>Tonic</em>.. has a bred sister named <em>Gin</em>.. drink a cup of joseph trying to finish illegal-pirate of newest Splinter Cell (sadly o'sad it demands too much on the vide-ah card and lags all creative and bleepy) all the steam from my shit-preground coffee in'ah French press doves upward to the window and the clouds sifting leftward westward shimmer and drip.. I contemplate concerta to stay perked-out and take a shower, pop just that, XL release concerta.. not sleeping makes it strangest experience, uncomfortable at first.. pressures in lower jaw, electric tightness at tips of front teeth as I talk myself down on the 6 to Royal Oak Exchange via Downtown all freaky-vibed anxieties about my blurring vision and perhaps eternal cross-eyes I avoid looking at reflections cus they father me out of my bedroom, warm sanity.. warm seance dance-arounds-a'naked-and-<em>praise</em>.. I feel okay now, though. Better than okay, I feel elated and awake as if I slept a solid 9-some hours and Alex to left writing stories of horse-drawn labor with Petter on Skype telling tales of his not-so-gladness to be home in Norway for another 3-weeks.
A group of hearty-look hardly-look investors in stock business pajamas march past in strange rabble on way, perhaps, to next coffee joint down road. The unfamiliar block next to window I sit near seems as mysterious in existence as Diagon Alley.. where in the <em>fuckssakes</em> is it, exactly? I once ventured to find out and came across library courtyard I tagged as future-reading locale. The hungry sun above was at snowblind potential and eating away at my lack of protected retinas. I've stopped worrying about protection as it all dis-integrates equally careful.
And it's our covert motives that give us reason to shame-- unrealistic to be ashamed, but ashamed you'll be anyway for disliking the guy or avoiding the girl and slithering into a fetal position to deflect the ass-flack from Moral Mike. You escape yourself successfully, and douse the city in gasoline machines for another 15 years 'til our fossil fuels shivvy dribble flop fade into literal <em>thin air</em>.. bubye.. the sun is getting brighter with every passing minute, it's all summery out and I'm inside typelocking myself to a circumferenced earth at the tip of my bleeding fingers. I'm just waiting for <em>apostrophe</em>, and realize that, some day, I will be a fuel source too (you're welcome, Succeeding Race).
and all races are inevitably lost. This is not the cynics drawl.
it is optimism.
Were traveling with a ship,
Sharing love on a deck
But as the waves came in,
Our love turned to a shipwreck.
Feared on both land and high seas
Many a tale can be told
Of the pillaging of neighborhoods
Daily setting sail these pirates bold
Days spent digging for buried treasure
Leaving no stones unturned
The pirates booty was out there somewhere
Blackbeard's gold is what they both yearned
After a day of living reckless
The warm waters would call their name
Where they would do battle in their sailing ships
Perfecting this pirate game
Both of them young brothers
Buccaneers through and through
Wise enough to listen to their mother
When she said get in the tub you two
Yes their high seas are warm bath waters
And their cutlass a mighty scrub brush
As legend would have it in their short years
They are pirates of the tub
The feeling I can never explain something just ingrained within you.
I can't explain what I never could understand.
We are the dreamers and suffer those who are awake.
Tragic are those who lack vision, misfortune is yours please spare mine.
The blade is now a pen my blood now Ink .
For whom it is lost is more found I.
The rejects of night are but misfits of my day.
As the poison seeps in as my creativity flows unto a void created in chaos none of which
was of my choosing.
Were all dreamers caught within a nightmare's grasp, losers of a game we chose not to play.
But we damn sure tried in spite of it all.
The blank page remains a suicide note to the forgotten chapter in a dust collected manuscript.
Secrets are best left buried like shipwrecks on the ocean floor.
Why be the judge when none are innocent or ever so guilty as I.
Damn the nights for bringing the memories upon me ,
and curse my thoughts for remaining after all these drinks.
Haunted are the souls of the living simply empty vessels that fill the streets.
Many years have passed.
Yet these thoughts never age .
Goddamn the nights and winters empty chill!
The fire nowonly seems to smolder a dragons bluff to wolves such as I.
I hear the others howl I simply choose to ignore the sound.
Taking refuge in my thoughts and torment in scars past.
Empty are these thoughts that I unearthed tonight.
I hear the howls outside my door.
They are my burden and none else to understand.
In witching hours of lost hopes and broken dreams I find my solace.
I've ran with demons and slept with many angels, to burn only in the cold of ice.
Tomorrow is always a dream as from this nightmare maybe I'll wake.
Treasure the silence in it we find our true selves.
I hear the howls I simply choose to no longer answer.
For give me mothers if I take another son away
The nigga shouldn't a tested if my niggaz wouldn't spray the K
2 the face
2 the point
Hollows in yo temple nigga
Leave 2 dents in yo face like some dimples nigga
+
Ugh
+
The devil told me that I'm coldblooded
Semi stoic look on my face n these hoes love it
Ain't got it on me when they shoot imma road run it
Never put trust n no bitch cuz these hoes covet
+
Ugh
+
Im like the black mclovin
Wit a wrap sheet 4 days
Tell yo mans cuz he shovin
N if low keep pushing imma have 2 start bussin
'Nother dumb nigga dead in the streets over nothing
Agh
+
My mama say that idk about the struggle but she don't know half if the shit a nigga toggle wit
+
She only know about a 5th of the shit I did
+
N if she knew me she would call me the apocalypse
+
Cuz I done did mo dirt then a Lil bit
+
N if this rapping don't crack imma cop a brick
+
These niggaz say they were its at but the fulla shit
+
Cuz we the only mfs really taking risk
+
When I was 17 I fucked a bitch n she was 30
+
They call it statutory rape but I was hella flirty
+
I know some niggaz out south that'll do u dirty
+
Razor blade 2 yo face like that nigga birdie
+
Ugh
+
I gotcho sis on my lap
N yo fix in a sack
Text books on my back
Imma lowlife pirate I ain't even gotta act
N my niggaz on attack
Lowlife just relax
Ugh
1+2
N I mean that shit
I was blind 2 it all now I c that shit
Imma show u mufuckaz that u can get rich
If yo friends turn 2 opps n yo main chick flip
Ugh
+
Today, I am a pirate ship -
My heart, the red and white sails of a head-hardy
Rum spilling
Caribbean bound me
With men marooned to a land of
Salty wood and salty seas
Knowing nothing but the sun's devilish smile in
The morning tide
Or an Atlantic storm
Tossing them about like
The horizon's spitballs.
We will brave the whims of <em>now</em>,
The rapid tonight, the slow coming tomorrow
With a voice in the wind saying,
"And I <em>swear</em> to the gold you will find
Or the breast of that distant thing called <em>land</em>
That my fibers will catch the air,
My fabric will not tear.
Unfurl me under cloudless skies
And the charcoal memories of an
Ocean-stripped-to-the-Heaven's-above alike -
I will take you to places you could never even fathom."
the Gulls gather to roost home from the sea
a swirling screeching chorus before they rest for the night
old friends of five shared summers long I welcome their song
and the songs they inspire year on year on year.
Down the shore where the sea meets our feet old shipwrecks sunk down deep from the first and second world war give up their coal.
In the graveyard up the road laid to rest are mariners of every colour and creed all neatly in row upon row even Chinese who would have been employed to do the washing on the battleships.
And you wonder did the ancestors of the Gulls sing for them each night
all dead now in a land beyond the sea the land we are all headed for each and everyone who stands on this shore listening to the Gulls singing their haunting evening songs.
Hundreds
Of vividly-coloured blocks
Thousands
Of memories
Unlocked one by one
As the pieces,
Dormant for decades,
Are picked apart once more:
Space-ships, robots, pirates galore,
The shapes, the patterns, the intense concentration,
Free from distractions, completely absorbed.
The great designer,
The master of His own creation.
What he could have been,
And what he never was.
Millions
Of possibilities,
Now reduced to
One.
AHHHHH
Moments
Like fleeting
Ships sailing cross your
MIND
Just don't let it be to late
When you your
AHHHHH
Moment
HITS
KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
Celeste
To be a decent shipwreck
you've got to look the part.
I sailed off the charts
searching for my
heart's desire.
To founder and flounder in
one's own emotions
lost to the Ocean and
out of sight of the land.
When the woodworm turns
Into a siren,
you've either gone mad
or had too much of the gin.
To be a decent shipwreck
it's got to be both of them
dead men
never look sober to me.
On the bow the bouquet of moonlight essence
was caressing over the sails as they were displaced
by solar winds.
Dusk only visited when were perched behind
the veil of a moon ready to pillage unsuspecting
cargo vessels.
Pirate booty was our goal, to taste the thrill of the
heist as we loaded up her hold with things of
our wildest dreams.
Then I awoke, the seas rough and blustery,
Captain I had the weirdest dream
<strong>"5 mins later,</strong>
Walking the plank I looked back.
wishing I could just float into that place.
*"What did they call it again? Space,
Waves flow, writing gushes,
scattering rhyme like fine mist
lines of regret rescind into the sea
while verses of love crest and fall
like the heaving of young breasts
temptations crash upon rocks
daring to be undressed by your eyes
one should be careful not to get dragged
into the underbelly of <em>this</em> ocean
where sirens sing their enchanted songs
and pirates wait upon shorelines for your loot
there is no escape now that you've been sucked in
one morning, Jack awoke with a distinct feeling
that something was not quite right.
as he peeled his eyes from a crusty sleep
his suspicions were further aroused by a marked loss
of sight from his right eye
as though he was peering through
a thick charcoal jungle
he clutched his hand towards his face
and was alarmed to find
a rather substantial lock of hairs
protruding from his right eyebrow.
wondering if perhaps he might
still be in a world of waking dreams
where one couldnt really trust ones intuitions,
he wandered over to the light switch,
flicked it on/off a couple of times.
having reached the conclusion that
he was definitely not dreaming,
and that his retinas
(or his left one, at least)
were definitely receptive to fluctuating light levels
he made his way to the bathroom
to inspect his face, with one hand
bemusedly fondling his recently grown eye-brow fringe.
in the bathroom he stumbled
across his wife sitting on the toilet.
on catching sight of her hairy husband,
she let out a deranged scream.
"darling, you'll alarm the neighbours" said Jack.
but his wife, who did not seem
to be sufficiently worried about
alarming the neighbours,
or anyone in her resident universe
continued to make strange warbling noises.
so, Jack instead decided to study
his growth in the kitchen sink.
although not made from
exemplary reflective material,
the sink was able to confirm
his impression that his right eyebrow had,
overnight, been subject to an alarming rate of growth.
his wife appeared in the doorway.
Im sorry for screaming.
it was only because I thought you were a pirate
she said. and though he knew
that this was just one in many
of a long string of inter-marital lies
that bounced between them,
he let it pass. a decision having
been decided upon in perhaps
not the most democratic manner possible,
Jack's wife fetched the kitchen scissors
from the drawer by the dishwasher.
as she snipped away, chunks of black
fell soft like feathers from sunburnt wings
and landed on the Lino.
Jack felt inexplicably sad.
they went off to work as usual,
and no one noticed
the jagged edge of his once pirated-eyebrow.
A fine earring you got their party pirate.
The pirate sais
Who needs earrings
When I got brass balls.
Sing for me stories of pirates
and swords and how many sailors
you've made to walk the plank.
Tell me where you got your tattoos
and tell me what the moon looks like
through shattered glass.
But tell me all of the sad things too;
my beautiful bird,
how does it feel to be caged?
Have you ever prayer with a letter to an illiterate god?
Pistol packed but cant afford bullets,
Our fridges are starving, insufficient funds rises our insulin.
Ready to sail to our green pastures
But our seaman drowned in pirates palms,
Those who see man suffering hate their semens victory,
Our talent mummified because we cant afford to live out our dreams.
We are rejects of the system, deviants to the society
Every year our resolutions are the same
Yet we been writing them for decades
Born with no silver-spoon but promised street of gold
So I turned to the God:
Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani?
Whiskey Stevens was the best
damn piano (but say it pi-ana) player
I ever met: even with that missing pinkie
Whiskey though like most pirates (even the ones never seen a ship)
he wouldn't lay off that rum
which is funny since his nickname was
Whiskey but
he swore it was his given first name
and shouldn't define the kind of drink he
liked
By the time he met Long John Sally
who used to be a woman of ill repute
but now was a run and gunslinger with a revolver
in her boot
his liver was already shot to hell
pickled and rotten
and she was a hacking up clods of greasy blood
from what they called THE consumption
(consumption junction, won't long function!)
Well Whiskey thought he was gonna get lucky
but Long John Sally just wanted to try their luck
at a poker game
so she sat Whiskey down and made the stakes
higher than an opium den junkie
He had the better cards but he also made a crude
joke about Poker (but say it Poke-her)
and Sally whipped out her revolver
faster on the draw than poor Whiskey Stevens
hammered on the hammer AND A GOOD GA'LL DAMN
and poor Whiskey didn't die from liver
failure but head-staying-in-one-piece failure
Sally ain't got an ounce or pint or any other
measurement of remorse and laughs and laughs
but THE MAN UPSTAIRS gets the last laugh
because the laughin' started up a coughing fit
her last and worst
and she comes crashing down on the table stone
dead
cards and chips flying to the heavens
and Whiskey and Sally flying down to hell
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
I have wept at the edge of the earth.
I have stared death in the face and turned away
when he offered me his fractured hand.
I dance at the top of the mountain,
wishing I could grab up the sunlight washing over my
battlefield face, and pour it in a bottle
to keep hidden away in the back of my closet.
I often stifle my better judgement and lay
control of myself at the feet of a captain who only means me harm; I jump ship into the hurricane waters
Which toss me and tumble me
and churn me around without letting me up for air.
You take your lungs for granted until theres water inside of them. You take the light for granted until its dark
and cold
and you cant tell which way leads back to the shore.
But I make it back every time.
My eyes adjust to the dark,
and I remember that I know how to swim.
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
The morning light streams through the basement window and
kisses my cheek so softly I can hardly feel it. With one hand I trace my fingers over the shattered bits of
outer space floating around in my blue-green veins,
and use the other to cover the bruises
and scrapes on the tops of my knees.
I dont play the piano but I will spend the whole day trying
if it will make you smile.
And you can keep all your skeletons in my closet;
Youll still look the same to me darling.
Here, take my last two dollars,
only one of us can get a ticket for this bus ride home
and I want it to be you.
Im used to sleeping in alleys,
and youve never been without a pillow to lay your head on. Every time I will want it to be you.
Past all the white noise and thunder claps echoing
around in my mind, theres a calm,
for I know that after my heart gives out,
whether its tomorrow, or when Im old and shaky and gray;
whether its in a burning overturned car, or in a quiet unfamiliar hospital bed, even though it didnt feel like it at times,
I know this all really was for something.
I celebrate myself, and sing myself
because after all the shipwrecks, salt stains, empty water bottles littering the carpet,
after all of it,
I still make it back to the shore
every time.
And first I smelled it
With crushing fingers passed
A striking sunset ablaze
And then I saw it
With eyes closed
A memory of love
(Those tumaltous times)
Out of wood comes blood
Frozen tears
The shy clouds hid
The old gods said
What could make this be
But I didnt write this poem for me
Somewhere a star burst
I wrote it for the lonely
and the wrought
the tiresome fighter
(Much like myself
Standing, marching over lava and air
(a shipwreck)
An impossible tree growing
twisted, and free
Holding up its greener leaves
with no water for years.
after my cat broke into my room
and pissed on my writing chair,
i threw the damn covers into the garden
and sat, for months on a skeletal chair,
namely one: without cushions...
the cat? i call him a ginger farmer,
or simply <em>hulk</em>, nearing
10 kilograms, we can be just that -
oh the operas he sings with that variation
of meow...
apparently there are 200 unique ideograms
of a <em>meow</em>,
and i've just about heard
one hundred and ninety-nine...
now my ass is cushioned back to its original
throne...
you really can have a shitty day
listening to shitty music,
or not listening to music and making
modern echoes of vicilisation audible...
cars, airplanes, and not a gush of wind,
or an owl in a forest making coo...
on my walk with four beers and finding
the perfect spot to take a piss...
yes, drink them quick enough
and you piss clear, pristine waters,
wait till the morning, and there she is,
yellow ammonium...
but i do find that the famous grouse
was being a bit of a bitch yesterday,
i got all nostalgic and didn't feel like
inviting this spirit into my abode...
i wrote the most feeble things (partially)
necessary, but, evidently, only intended
for a transition period...
so i said to myself, the local co-op
opened recently, they had an offer on vodka
the other day...
and now she stands on my windowsill,
pretty little russian girl:
as <em>aa</em>...
for too long i have not delved into her natures...
a stealth spirit, an assassin...
yet i never thought these people
still existed... filling up to my 3rd can of beer,
watching a man pull into a petrol station
on a motorbike,
filling up, and then quickly driving off...
well, thrusting off...
so i caught the eyes of the petrol station's
attendant, he too bemused...
it's good to see that such people still
happen to do the most pleasing of transgression
that comes standard with: the civlised,
law-abiding citizens...
seeing a thief like that while you're drinking
a beer almost makes the most perfect sense...
as to the cushions i'm sitting on in my chair:
the one that maine coon hulk of a cat
pissed on and i threw into the garden to
get winter air and soak...
feels a bit like masturbating with your
left hand... or as a step-father told a friend
of mine: sit on your forehand long enough
until it goes numb, and afterward
it's like someone else is doing it for you...
but we are here, forget homosexuality
being the artistic canvas these days,
they've gained political motivation,
there's no art coming from the former taboos...
a lot more things are dying than the mere
death of god... that's heidegger ponderings
ii - vi, aphorisms 185 - 191...
the <em>grouse</em> was being a bitch,
i have to say, or as some orthodox "priests"
from polish cinema said once:
you drinking perfumes?
whiskey, perfumes, chanel no. 5...
well... back to the <em>roots</em> of reasoning
a few pointless things through...
that's also called: listening to a few shitty
pop songs and then going into
big boy territory... <em>jed kurzel</em>, <em>wardruna</em>...
i can't be a Bukowski, every time i read
him now i get a writer's block...
i can't say classical music is that good,
or that it's the medium of genius,
i can say that it's the only music
i can listen to when i turn on the radio,
otherwise i have to be my own d.j.,
i'm sitting in a room with a record collection,
bemoaning how people sorta stopped
caring for music in the old fashion
sense of <em>buying</em> it...
and it's not exactly pirates of the caribbean for
fuck's sake...
if there's no respect for artists,
there's no respect for anything,
in the old polish proverb: <em>hulaj duszo, pieka niema</em>...
in verse: <em>hulaj pieko, duszy nie ma</em>
(go wild, soul, for there is no hell...
reverse: go wild, hell, for there is no soul) -
thankfully : and italics is correct here,
it wouldn't be correct had the emphasis
included <strong>bold</strong> text.
that really can happen, i.e. to become
tiresome of whiskey, you drink what later resembles
your piss upon waking...
and yes, given what i drink,
i do feel shitty the next day,
i can't say hangover, but just crap....
until i take a shit, after that: it's all downhill -
one the turd is out, the ego can begin its ascent.
so here's to miss <em>aa</em>,
may she live long and prosper from as many
drunks as she deems worthy of lullabying
with a few poems they might throw into
the calendar of white, with year not relevant,
with month not relevant, and with <em>diem</em>
as only <em>carpe</em>.
or as i like to say, after reading this article
about <em>tinder</em> and how women are sploit
for choice...
i should be in the game, what, being 30...
but i read the enemy's propaganda and it's
not good... well it's good that i know it's
propaganda... the article is only a week old,
misplaced the magazine for about a week to just
read it now...
lily 23, erin 25, mariella 23,
alexandra 24, alice 23, julia 28
(actress, digital marketing executive,
fashion pr, sales and marketing graduate,
publishing assistant, journalist - respectively)...
with what they said, as the article states,
and whether the core of western values and
democracy is for the freedom of journalism
(does anyone still bother?
it's selective, it has editors,
there's too much happening anyway,
and if it is happening, it's coverage is delayed
by zombie-audiences, like that case of Fritzl
in the whittle village of Amstetten) -
they were really quick on the mark there,
or the Milly Dowler case...
would any sane individual in the westernworld
go to war to protect journalism?
i'm starting to think that state-owned media
is not such a bad thing,
better hearing organsied lies than disorientating
lies that have no sperm-like authority of a nationhood...
some peoples' lives are simple, they need
to hear stories... some actually prefer listening
to music, i too wouldn't want the entire world
gatecrashing an event such as modern Mongolia...
you never really hear any news from Mongolia...
the perfect example of Tao... isolationism
to perfection... and yes, some people don't get
to write a poem either...
would i go to war defending the rights of newspapers?
given what we are currently seeing?
it's very strange to see newspapers with suspicious eyes,
terrible so, you'd like to think they did speak
the whole truth, and nothing but the truth...
but then i look at my 10 kg bonsai tiger pavarotti,
and i sit on my windowsill, he sits on his
windowsill in the bathroom...
fucker comes back into my room
and pisses on my chair, i swear i'll smack him again
just like i did when the fucker struck at my bed
almost a year ago (as documented in <em>qat qaeda</em>) -
leaving a warm turd on my bedsheets...
and yes, he needs supervision when urinating
into the toilet... ginger pavarotti... this one's on you.
1.Eugene And the Pumpkin Pie
Wee Eugene's but a lonely boy
(arrayed in cap and corduroy),
has Jungle Jim (a ragged toy)
and fancied Friends his only joy.
Well, Jim appears from time to time
behind a pane of pantomime,
a charmed mirage, or dream sublime
inside a Cuckoo's nursery rhyme.
Still Eugene always finds a way
(while riding on his magic Sleigh)
to meet with Jim somewhere halfway
between the Moon and Yesterday.
When Jim brought Eu to Timbuktu
to kiss the Queen (a Kangaroo)
and tweak her tail (bright shiny blue),
Eu sneezed instead achoo, achoo.
The baby Roo, surprised, awoke
and thought 'twas but a funny joke
beholding Eugene cough and choke...
well, sounding like old Froggy's croak.
Said Jim to Roo "Eu has a cold,
we mustn't laugh, we mustn't scold
instead we'll let the tale unfold
and frolic in the marigold".
With runny eyes and mighty sniffle
Eu could hardly get a whiffle,
climbed a hill to reach the cliffle ,
searched the sea for ship or skiffle.
Behind the breeze, some sloops were seen,
a grand delight that pleased Eugene,
and Jim, and Roo, and yes, the Queen;
they then set sail for Halloween.
Above the sea, below the sky
they saw a skinny Scarecrow fly -
within its beak (one couldn't deny),
surprise, surprise, a Pumpkin Pie!
The Scarecrow wore a veil and shawl
so really couldn't see at all
and swooped too near the sunny ball,
got grilled and let the pastry fall,
which bounced upon the waves below,
then slid beneath the undertow.
"Why did it fall, where did it go?"
cried Eugene with a gasp of woe.

Roo wondered would it reappear
(for where it went was certainly queer),
but where it went became quite clear
to Eu and Jim while standing near
the Queen who, hungry, hopped awhile
observing Crunch the Crocodile
come floating down the river Nil
with belly full and toothy smile.
2.Eugene and the Wolverine
Within the sandbox played Eugene,
as well, his little friend named Dean,
a simple-minded Wolverine.
But yesterday was Halloween
when they collected sweets unseen,
all stuffed inside a sad Sardine.
And making sure their hands were clean,
they shared a snack - a tangerine,
a cantaloupe and big fat bean.
But they forgot the Sandbox Queen
whose hungry name was sweet Pauline -
with no invite she felt so mean
and woke the naughty Sand Machine.
Sand trickled in their fine cuisine
which scratched their gums and set the scene
to brush their teeth and in between.
Poor Dean was sad he hadnt seen
the sandy specks with sparkly sheen,
all hidden like a submarine.
Eu sold his cookie magazine
And bought a brand new limousine
To flee the naughty Sand Machine.
Next time their food theyll try to screen
from something hard and unforeseen
while tapping on a tambourine
to sooth the hungry Sandbox Queen
and trick the naughty Sand Machine.
3.Eugene and Antoine
Eugene awoke and looked upon
his Mirror in the morning Dawn.
He saw himself and stopped to yawn
then saw instead his friend Antoine.
Well Antoine said come in, come on
Ill whisk you with this Magic Wand
then we can journey to the Pond
and sail astride the Silver Swan.
And once inside the Looking Glass
amazing conquests came to pass
before the midday hourglass
released its sands upon the grass.
Well, first they sought and found the Pond
and hypnotized the Silver Swan
to sail them to the edge beyond,
to Charles, the Froggy Vagabond.
Well Charles was said to be a King
(whose Crown was hanging from a String)
while hopping with a golden Ring
just waiting for a Kiss in Spring.
Now Antoine said hed kiss the King,
(or better said, the Froggy Thing)
but Eu refused to do such thing
unless the Frog removed the Ring.
The Ring transfixed poor Froggys Nose
instead of round his tiny Toes
to keep away the Midnight Crows
(as far as anybody knows).
When Froggys Nose was finally free
there was a sudden kissing spree
with Ant and Eu (and Swan made three)
to fix old Froggys Destiny.
The Rest is rather imprecise.
As to the trios Sacrifice,
the facts alone should now suffice -
the Pond and Froggy turned to ice!
And Swan became a Toucan Bird,
the strangest thing I ever heard,
instead of chirp she only purred
and even then she sometimes slurred.
Though Charles the Frog was mighty cold,
upon the Pond he stiffly strolled
behind the The Ring that slowly rolled
in search of one more nose to hold.
Well, Eu watched Antoine set the Pace
when beating Toucan in the Race
to seek and find a warmer Space
in front of Mothers Fireplace.
So Antoine waved his charmed Baton
and whisked Eu back to Mums Salon -
But looking back, Eus friend was yon
behind the silvered Amazon.
4.Eugene and the Milky Way
Eugene stayed in to play today
inside his secret hideaway;
he laughed and ate a Milky Way
with little fear of tooth decay.
But Dean, his friend, was far away
just driving in a Chevrolet
and didn't wish to disobey
so hurried home with no delay.
What took so long, I couldn't say
but Dean came late, in disarray -
he'd lost, alas, the Milky Way
that he had hidden Yesterday.
When asked, Eugene led Dean astray
about the missing Milky Way,
blamed Pauline in her negligee
who'd fed her little Popinjay.
Then Dean said sadly, in dismay,
"It was a gift for your birthday".
Well Eu felt bad, no longer gay
and offered Dean ice cream frapp.
Soon afterwards they romped in hay
beside the forest near the bay;
but when the sky turned somewhat gray
they flew back home to hide away.
At home, with all his toys at play,
Eugene confessed to Dean, to say
"Dear Dean, look here, I can't betray,
I ate the sweet, it made my day."
Said Dean, "I knew it anyway,
I saw the traces straightaway,
your chocolate lips, the giveaway;
but we're best friends, so that's OK."
5. Eugene and the Gold Doubloon
Eugene took his nap at noon
and dreamt about Loraine the Loon
reclining in the long Lagoon
adorned in birdie pantaloons.
Then Eu suggested to the Loon
Lets pay a visit to the Dune
well search and seek and very soon
well find a shiny Gold Doubloon.
But naughty Sand Machine typhoons
arrived and whisked them to the Moon
and left the playmate pals marooned
where gold of pirate ships was strewn.
Pale moonbeams played a mystic tune,
and touching on a magic rune,
Wee Eu, he found a pink harpoon
and in his hand a Gold Doubloon.
Instead of sitting on cocoons,
Loraine, she hatched the Gold Doubloon
when suddenly popped a blue Balloon
revealing Royce the red Raccoon.
Well Eu, awaking from his swoon,
was sad hed lost the Gold Doubloon.
Instead he found a Macaroon
and munched and munched all afternoon.
6.Eugene and the Dragonfly
When Eugene climbed a mountain high
and wandered down a dale nearby,
he came upon Doug Dragonfly
asleep beside a Tigers eye.
Soon Eu was thinking Nows the time
to take a rest from my long climb
and waken Doug to tell him Im
about to pick a bunch of thyme.
But Doug was quite a grumpy guy
when woken from his dream whereby
hes dancing with a Butterfly
in magic realms that mystify.
So Doug complained My dream's now gone
of dancing to the carillon
with Butterflies upon the lawn,
which wont come back until I yawn.
Then Eugene said Well I know what!
A mug of tea and hazelnuts
served with a chocolate Buttercup
will surely help to cheer you up!
Thereafter, picking tufts of thyme,
they heard the distant bluebells chime
and watched the Fairies pantomime
and dance till Eugenes suppertime.
7.Eugene and the Eskimo
Not so very long ago,
a bit before the mornings glow,
Wee Eugene met an Eskimo
while trudging through the windblown snow.
Bedecked in boots and winter fur,
the Eskimo said Im Jack Spur.
Or call me Jack if you prefer,
it might be somewhat easier.
Soon Jack was passing by to say
Well could you help me find my way
back through the door to Yesterday,
to where I left my silver Sleigh?
So Eugene said Ill come along,
but listen, hear the breakfast gong,
my Mamas made the porridge strong
and chocolate milk, if Im not wrong.
So, filled with porridge to the brim
and feeling vigor, full of vim,
Wee Eu called Jack and said to him
Well now well travel on a whim.
While seeking Yesterday and more
they searched an unseen corridor.
Somewhere behind the mirrored door
was Yesterday, the day before!
Without a fear they slid within,
with Jackie playing violin.
And Moon above was seen to grin
cause Jackies tune was kind of thin.
Though searching long to find the Sleigh
they heard instead an echo stray
quite sounding like the Donkeys bray,
the Donkeys bray of Yesterday.
The Donkeyd left to find some food -
well, something fresh and not yet chewed
by Fran the Cow that always mooed
(and sometimes burped when she was rude).
The Sleigh was at the Donkeys back
and nowheres near the railway track,
so Jack took Eugene piggyback,
just stopping once to eat a snack.
The Donkey heard the munch of chips
and wondered if his hungry lips
would ever taste some bacon strips
before the midnight Moon Eclipse.
Well Fran and Donkey, unforeseen,
found Jack at lunch with Wee Eugene
and shared a mighty fine cuisine,
provided by the Sandbox Queen.
Well ,Franny chewed her little cud
and Donkey ate a shiny spud,
and Jacky said Now we must scud
before the coming springtime flood".
So Jack jumped back upon his Sleigh,
the Donkey droned a farewell bray,
(and Franny burped, need I to say?)
while Eu returned from Yesterday,
surprised to hear his Mother say
Well, now its time for you to play!
8.Eugene and the Christmas Tree
Eugene awoke on Christmas morn
to find the Christmas Tree'd been shorn
and presents strewn around, forlorn,
midst bows and tinselled paper torn.
So blowing on his little Horn,
Eu called Eunice, the Unicorn.
The duo flew away airborne
(straped to Eu's side his Sword, a Thorn).
Escaping back to Yesterday,
in search of thyme and Santa's Sleigh,
Eu sought to brave the grinchy Fay,
reclaim the joy of Christmas Day .
Then Eunice and the Reindeer Corps
chased fey Fay to a sandy Shore
where Santa banned forevermore
the Fay to mop and scrub the floor.
Then Santa iced the windowpane
(thus waking Eu from dreams again),
left gifts arrayed, and candy cane,
beneath a Tree with candled mane.
''We share our cups of coffee marks as a bridge between friends, ''
Said Naimah.'' We share a few moments of good-hearted cheer, ''
Said Frederick.'' ''Love can die, but a friendship never ends.''
''Love is endless, '' ''I'm a widow, harrowed with grief and fear, ''
''I've lost my wife, and now I must take care of my unique son.''
''Where do you go? '' ''I'm going to Morocco, firstly,
And then, I'm going to Egypt.'' ''I think it can't be easily done.''
''I have a brother who can help me because I'm worthy.''
''You left your home, '' ''I couldn't pay the taxes for my land.
So, I abandoned my village and fled to the town,
But many people did it like me; I had to understand
That the agriculture shrank; the food prices put me down.''
''The price of the Turkish silver fell and that of gold increased.
Your raw goods became cheap for the European traders
Who could buy trades of very large amounts of stock from the east.
They were developed and exported back; friends turned to haters.''
''Their products were cheaper while having a better quality
To undermine your local businesses and craft guilds.''
'' They worked using new methods in their factories.''
''Due to our government, which this kind of bridges builds.
I've found a job in the lowest town's level as a servant.
At school, my son saw the education as his only outlet.
While dealing with angry people, I felt lost in this current.''
''You should understand this situation from the outset.''
(He talked with Frederick about Maya, his sister.)
A strange man having icy eyes embarked for Lisbon at noon.
He wore an amulet around his neck on its leather string.
He brought three dogs while whistling the air of an unknown tune.
His cruel face looked like wanting tears from around to wring.
This strange man wore a black suit, a black hat, and a black cloak
Having equal pleats over the shoulders; his face was shrouded
In mystery; he started to walk as wanting to provoke
Fear; he searched for an employee because his room was crowded
With unusual things and he didn't have space for the dogs.
He wanted a face-to-face meeting with the captain.
He looked over at Frederick saying, ''Tell your rats and hogs
That my room must be clean; they must work for that to happen.'
He sat down at a nearby table and decided
It was time to pay the price to Frederick for the travel.
He said, ''this is the best way to get you excited.''
He gave Frederick five rubies thick as the gravel.
(Frederick started to talk with this stranger man, who decided to confess.)
In the third century, Corfu was invaded and conquered
By pirates from Illyria; later, they were driven out
By the autonomic Romans; though is kinda awkward,
I found an old treasure map; I bought that land; Im a scout.
Geraldine knew that Frederick did not want to betray her
Because he wanted to be the father of her child.
She wanted his burden not to be more than he could bear
She was afraid that losing control could make her feel beguiled.
Frederick wanted his son to be captain of a ship
And to go together to do business in Italy.
He lost his dream love while being with her in the time slip.
While talking they didn't lie to each other prettily.
(The carrack was sailing to Syracuse.)
Frederick was the master and Brisbon was his mate.
He has always told Brisbon what he wished to be done.
Brisbon commanded the sailors and he was really great.
When he screamed, ''Steer, trim, sail, '' to their duty they had to run.
Sam and Sulim were steersmen while Gian and Aldo were corners.
Suaram, Cosma, and Dino were gunners while Ismail
Was carpenter; Fargo was swabber and boatswain while Hector
Was a cooper; Abseil was a quartermaster; to sail
Gino, Nico, and John hoisted the sails, got the tacks aboard
While hauling the bowlines, and steering the ship when needed.
Ibrahim cooked, furled the sails, slung the yards and washed the board.
Maya was a cook, or a quack when the rules were not heeded.
Aldo screamed, ''Sulim, I see land on the horizon! ''
''Impossible, there must be only sea until Syracuse.''
''The compass had a big variation for no reason, ''
Said Freddy, ''we're in a wrong place; I need a valid excuse! ''
(To be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Pirates
Youre the underlying theme in all my dreams. I want you to frolic in my minds bed of desires. See what matters most to me. I want you to look at me as if youve never seen me before, eyes curious and kind. I want your smile to say that youll catch me eventually, soon even. I want you to want me to dive inside you so youll never be without me. I want you to laugh at my jokes because everythings funnier when I say it. I want you to close my eyes when Im scared to sleep. I want you to think Im beautiful even when my femininity gets lost in the midst of my rugged exterior and my crass jokes. I want you to find a strand of my hair on your shirt and smile. I want you to smash my heart into pieces just so you can put them back together again. I miss you when you tell me that I cant dance. I miss you when you look away to scan a thought.
I imagine we could build a boat and take it where wed like. Wed be faithful cus wed be alone. Id braid your hair so you wouldnt have to cut it when it starts to form a whole. Our skin would grow even darker and wed have wrinkles around our eyes. Wed know each other so well that wed never have to smile. A simple spark in the eye would do. Id take it upon myself to make you feel strong and youd take it upon yourself to make me feel warm. Eventually Id beg you to let me on shore and youd beg me to stay. Id smile and wave and feel love in my heart, but Id go looking for someone with blue eyes instead.
On lit dans les Annales de la propagation de la Foi :
Une lettre de Hong-Kong (Chine), en date du 24 juillet
1832, nous annonce que M. Bonnard, missionnaire du
Tong-King, a t dcapit pour la foi, le 1er mai dernier.
Ce nouveau martyr tait n dans le diocse de Lyon et
appartenait  la Socit des Missions trangres. Il tait
parti pour le Tong-King en 1849.
I.
saint prtre ! grande me ! oh ! je tombe  genoux !
Jeune, il avait encor de longs jours parmi nous,
Il n'en a pas compt le nombre ;
Il tait  cet ge o le bonheur fleurit ;
Il a considr la croix de Jsus-Christ
Toute rayonnante dans l'ombre.
Il a dit : -  C'est le Dieu de progrs et d'amour.
Jsus, qui voit ton front croit voir le front du jour.
Christ sourit  qui le repousse.
Puisqu'il est mort pour nous, je veux mourir pour lui ;
Dans son tombeau, dont j'ai la pierre pour appui,
Il m'appelle d'une voix douce.
Sa doctrine est le ciel entr'ouvert ; par la main,
Comme un pre l'enfant, il tient le genre humain ;
Par lui nous vivons et nous sommes ;
Au chevet des geliers dormant dans leurs maisons,
Il drobe les clefs de toutes les prisons
Et met en libert les hommes.
Or il est, loin de nous, une autre humanit
Qui ne le connat point, et dans l'iniquit
Rampe enchane, et souffre et tombe ;
Ils font pour trouver Dieu de tnbreux efforts ;
Ils s'agitent en vain ; ils sont comme des morts
Qui ttent le mur de leur tombe.
Sans loi, sans but, sans guide, ils errent ici-bas.
Ils sont mchants, tant ignorants ; ils n'ont pas
Leur part de la grande conqute.
J'irai. Pour les sauver je quitte le saint lieu.
mes frres, je viens vous apporter mon Dieu,
Je viens vous apporter ma tte !  -
Prtre, il s'est souvenu, calme en nos jours troubls,
De la parole dite aux aptres : - Allez,
Bravez les bchers et les claies ! -
Et de l'adieu du Christ au suprme moment :
-  vivant, aimez-vous ! aimez. En vous aimant,
Frres, vous fermerez mes plaies. -
Il s'est dit qu'il est bon d'clairer dans leur nuit
Ces peuples gars loin du progrs qui luit,
Dont l'me est couverte de voiles ;
Puis il s'en est all, dans les vents, dans les flots,
Vers les noirs chevalets et les sanglants billots,
Les yeux fixs sur les toiles.
II.
Ceux vers qui cet aptre allait, l'ont gorg.
III.
Oh ! tandis que l-bas, hlas ! chez ces barbares,
S'tale l'chafaud de tes membres charg,
Que le bourreau, rangeant ses glaives et ses barres,
Frotte au gibet son ongle o ton sang s'est fig ;
Ciel ! tandis que les chiens dans ce sang viennent boire,
Et que la mouche horrible, essaim au vol joyeux,
Comme dans une ruche entre en ta bouche noire
Et bourdonne au soleil dans les trous de tes yeux ;
Tandis qu'chevele, et sans voix, sans paupires,
Ta tte blme est l sur un infme pieu,
Livre aux vils affronts, meurtrie  coups de pierres,
Ici, derrire toi, martyr, on vend ton Dieu !
Ce Dieu qui n'est qu' toi, martyr, on te le vole !
On le livre  Mandrin, ce Dieu pour qui tu meurs !
Des hommes, comme toi revtus de l'tole,
Pour tre cardinaux, pour tre snateurs,
Des prtres, pour avoir des palais, des carrosses,
Et des jardins l't riant sous le ciel bleu,
Pour argenter leur mitre et pour dorer leurs crosses,
Pour boire de bon vin, assis prs d'un bon feu,
Au forban dont la main dans le meurtre est trempe,
Au larron charg d'or qui paye et qui sourit,
Grand Dieu ! retourne-toi vers nous, tte coupe !
Ils vendent Jsus-Christ ! ils vendent Jsus-Christ !
Ils livrent au bandit, pour quelques sacs sordides,
L'vangile, la loi, l'autel pouvant,
Et la justice aux yeux svres et candides,
Et l'toile du coeur humain, la vrit !
Les bons jets, vivants, au bagne, ou morts, aux fleuves,
L'homme juste proscrit par Cartouche Sylla,
L'innocent gorg, le deuil sacr des veuves,
Les pleurs de l'orphelin, ils vendent tout cela !
Tout ! la foi, le serment que Dieu tient sous sa garde,
Le saint temple o, mourant, tu dis :Introbo,
Ils livrent tout ! pudeur, vertu ! - martyr, regarde,
Rouvre tes yeux qu'emplit la lueur du tombeau ; -
Ils vendent l'arche auguste o l'hostie tincelle !
Ils vendent Christ, te dis-je ! et ses membres lis !
Ils vendent la sueur qui sur son front ruisselle,
Et les clous de ses mains, et les clous de ses pieds !
Ils vendent au brigand qui chez lui les attire
Le grand crucifi sur les hommes pench ;
Ils vendent sa parole, ils vendent son martyre,
Et ton martyre  toi par-dessus le march !
Tant pour les coups de fouet qu'il reut  la porte !
Csar ! tant pour l'amen, tant pour l'allluia !
Tant pour la pierre o vint heurter sa tte morte !
Tant pour le drap rougi que sa barbe essuya !
Ils vendent ses genoux meurtris, sa palme verte,
Sa plaie au flanc, son oeil tout baign d'infini,
Ses pleurs, son agonie, et sa bouche entrouverte,
Et le cri qu'il poussa : Lamma Sabacthani !
Ils vendent le spulcre ! ils vendent les tnbres !
Les sraphins chantant au seuil profond des cieux,
Et la mre debout sous l'arbre aux bras funbres,
Qui, sentant l son fils, ne levait pas les yeux !
Oui, ces vques, oui, ces marchands, oui, ces prtres
A l'histrion du crime, assouvi, couronn,
A ce Nron repu qui rit parmi les tratres,
Un pied sur Thrasas, un coude sur Phryn,
Au voleur qui tua les lois  coups de crosse,
Au pirate empereur Napolon dernier,
Ivre deux fois, immonde encor plus que froce,
Pourceau dans le cloaque et loup dans le charnier,
Ils vendent,  martyr, le Dieu pensif et ple
Qui, debout sur la terre et sous le firmament,
Triste et nous souriant dans notre nuit fatale,
Sur le noir Golgotha saigne ternellement !
Du 5 au 8 novembre 1852,  Jersey
Every fiber of my body is on edge, seething with a burning urge to be alive.
More alive than this repetitive stasis that is Educational routine.
My blood thrums and sings with the desire and yearning for otherworldly adventures.
The uncontainable demanding within my soul that CRAVES more than a dull life set within the confines and standards of a society that has disbanded the thrill seeking pleasure that is and was the old world. Now we have to pay a small fortune in order to obtain a moment where we transcend grey and our colors blast and shoot through the spectrum in solar flare heartbeat pulses of excitement that dulls far too soon.
I want to taste sea salt and raindrops on my lips, grains of sand beneath my feet.
To feel every nerve in my body alight with the spark of something more.
To face the unknown, not in a city nor my home cowering for the remainder of my life.
But to claim my destiny with both hands, clutching my glaive firmly in battle stances while gazing unafraid into the eyes of my nemesis, my enemy. To duel it out on stormy seas, sails billowing, lifelines secured, braced upon the slick decks of pirate ships soaked with rain while torrents of wind lash at my body during a dangerous battle between lovers, demanding my downfall at the hands of nature but instead of falling to it I would prevail and arise. Where lightning cracks across the sky like a golden whip, where thunder roars in agony across the cosmos like Atlas holding up the weight of the sky.
Engaged in the throes of battle while the air is rich and pungent with the scent of steel and the satisfying clang of blades locked in combat. Sword against glaive, antagonist and protagonist.
To battle and seek, to pursue those who dare take whom and what I love. To become MORE. To transcend the fabric of dreams and turn all this into something tangible, to grasp it tight and shower the seeds of dreams into the soil of the real world, and to help it bloom into a reality I've wished for my whole life.
Instead of sitting around writing about how much more I long for. I don't want to be trapped in columns, in places at certain times.
Freedom.
To change the world, to alter my dull fate and the chance to make the stuff of my daydreams and night visions into more than just letters on a page. To whisper and weave the song of those worlds into the fabric of this twisted reality and watch as stardust mends the frayed edges.
Perhaps it is this fate, that my dreams never see the light of the midday sun
that there is not a strong enough conviction nor skilled weaver to bring about the change I long for.
We grow up in a world filled with fairy tales and books filled to the brim with stories to capture our imagination and you cant expect me to suddenly still be content and satisfied with the damnable grayness that is the black and white of our world that will never be filled with color.
And I will be doomed to write out worlds and cultures I can never touch and interact with, never will I be able to grasp the soil of the other worlds and exist within the places I make.
Never will we, of earth, trapped inside dull grey columns ever truly experience freedom.
Not even with our words for we cant even paint the sky a different color other than grey, and the ground beneath our feet will only ever be black. Despite the colors we think we see, they're not the colors we want. Just pale washed out shades of worlds we will never be a part of.
Life changes and rearranges
So they relocate us to different cages
The generation that made us
This outrageous and famous
They proceeded to name us
Everyone said X was bad
But Y proved to be shameless
A world of technology adapted and turned heinous
Hackers and criminals, pirates and thieves
The shadows in the night that freely roam the streets
A knife in the sleeve, a knight brought to his knees
A gun to believe a night one perceive
As time passes the rifts slowly decrease
Government curfew decree, in a time of chaos
The reality sets in right after the health disease
Who receives the legacy when the next one leaves
As one grows old the mind closes but can still feel the breeze
When the time comes either side will willingly hand over the keys
While the other takes the wheel on a ride to be set free.
But we do understand i feel the same way about Z
Skinny jeans are for girls, cross your legs and drink tea
Cheers to the last of a dying breed
We followed through with our threats, your not a Gangster to me
Id shank you and leave,
Wouldn't even run, ill walk away from the scene,
The beast can always change but
The
Sheep
Will
Always
Scream
///
///
||||| D
E ///
///|| A//
T ////
///H //||///
Rainy day
(Oh how I know
that youwant to talk of love ! )
god on the Easy Plan
// I am
Only in Darkness
Face to face
With the Pirates
&amp; the Police
I appreciate
That you don't love me causeit would be a lie
/// ///
Death
Is
Here
All Around
/// speaking for the children
I'd like you to know
There might be something that would be
Very Human
if you'd try to get it done
////
I walk thru the rain
Thru the death
If you think you want to
You can find me
If not me
Then one of
My friends
Red blood seeping down the walls and pooling all over the pearl white floor.
Finally unleashing a scream boiled inside, which pierces the air with an unmatched fury.
A menacing growl with every rev of its engine, an Audi R8 proves to be an evil on the road.
A fish has a slight taste of salt and cyanide, the poison killing millions without a look from the government.
Avenged Sevenfolds Nightmare album, proving that even the happiest moment in your life. Can be a nightmare.
Barry Bonds, Roger Clemens, Mark Maquire, diminishing baseballs glory with steroids.
The turmoil surrounding the government of Somalia and the pirates corrupting the country each and every day.
The unbearable scent of sulfur, burning the nostrils of your nose with every intake of air.
The lighting strike and the thunder crack.
Hell.
Hello! I call out,
As I walk on the cold
wet grass,
With bare feet I walk around,
Not scared if I hear a sound,
I turn around,
My eyes in search of something,
Something I'd like to find,
Here and there I sneak around,
in hope of something divine,
No! Something which can catch
my heart,
not that caught my eyes,
Red,blue,yellow or violet,
Maybe white, or black
like an eye of a pirate,
Across the land,
On a beautiful chariot,
my mind goes round
A girl name Hariot,
who's she,
I don't know well,
But I think I've found the smell,
sweet yet cold,
yes it's the ground,
The old ground on which I lay awake,
yet again as the day shoves in,
through the night in an ancient ship,
Yes,no,yes,no,
please don't let it go,
The moon's no longer beaming,
Yes I hear sceaming,
Well,
I've just been dreaming..
I turn around with all the trepidation a single turning motion can manifest in a human body. I'm looking at the blackest daemon I've ever seen, a billion of his white eyes staring right back at me. I'm distraught for a moment. This is the edge of the universe.
Me?
Well, I've traveled a tangled path since my conception, a born wanderer of these dark, frost-tipped mountains my whole life. I've always had something to hold on to during my deep treks into the abyss. My mother's protection stayed with me wherever I went, remembering to go the speed limit past planets filled with life and death, stars of eruptive strength, moon's of ghostly luminance. I've fought against a myriad of space-pirate scum, befriended alien species you could only dream of having and torn through the stringiest of worm holes, leaving only bad time behind me, all in her name. My father taught me how to run my ship well; I've been sailing these black tides in his trademark downward slope fashion ever since I got a handle of the control systems. He personalized the grid himself, starting with that big red button for "ignition." That's easier to remember than reprogramming it myself, right? You could say I've sailed my ship into a few wrong turns here and there, a couple of undone screws from the engine pressure. I've never meant to go outside the boundaries of what my ship can handle, a stable ideology my parents had taught me in my youthful years in the spaceflight academy; Those were the very days my destiny had been written through the sky.
This beat up piece of machinery I call a transportation device had puttered out at the very edge of all existence, my woven destiny utterly behind me. I only threw one thing at a wall and I really can't remember what it was; you could say I had a mild emotional breakdown. Here were all these tiny, beady stars I'd been connecting like dots since the very beginning of my life's journey and none of my past plotting made sense anymore; the yarn I left behind must have been strung with invisible fabric.
The mirror of a windshield I once peered through (mostly caused by the terminal blackness of space) was just a Pollock portrait placed their to tease me. All that time and energy, all my wandering and fallen bolts I could never screw back into my ship again...
Now staring through my very own wide-screen ink blot, parts of which I had traveled, others of which I still had time to visit and still others of which a therapist would later find disturbing: right then, something happened to my fucking eyes.
Woh.
Is that seriously
a cloud-shaped star system
I'm seeing out there?
That is!
I don't believe
what my visors
are seeing right now.
And a fist shaped system too. No, no that's a heart shaped one. And a person dancing to music and a table of friends and a girl's beautiful smile. They were right in front of me, all this time, and yet I had been running circles around them until I finally hit a ledge. For a moment I wondered what my invisible yarn would've shown me in the stars had it not been invisible yarn; it must have always been a malicious sentient creature that knew he'd get his ass kicked if I ever found him after this episode.
Looking down at the control pads of my ship, I begin reprogramming (a process that takes time) not just my plotted course into new territory, but also the grid's controlling functions themselves. I like the color green so I'll make that the "ignition".
I feel like a sinking ship
RMS Titanic
the unsinkable boat
never completing it's maiden voyage
my maiden voyage.
It lays with it's belly swollen from age
at the bottom of the mid atlantic.
I lay in my bed
big blue headphones seal me off
from the scary world outside
my belly is swollen from comfort eating.
My journey is much less majestic
I never sank down in the ocean
thousands of lives were lost
to the icy see
but there is only one casualty in my shipwreck.
I try not to think
too hard about my life
my future
I read to escape from my own mind
I seek out distractions
from my responsibilities.
At night
the monsters under my bed are
failure
disappointment
tests
grades
lines to learn
social circles
scheduling
college.
A good man once said
the only certain things in life are death and taxes.
he could not have been more right
and frankly that scares the shit out of me
I'm a planner
I want my future to be set in stone
and if I weren't an atheist
I would pray for time to be static.
I am scared to death of what lies ahead
there is a fog bank over my future
that no crystal ball can decipher
my life is one big cypher
i can't crack the code.
I try not to expect people to understand me
because I can't even understand myself.
my mother tells me to walk
with my head up
my shoulders back
open my chest
stand tall.
When I look down I see the present
If I look out all I see is my future.
I'd rather hit a literal wall than a figurative one.
I am a sinking ship
but I sink slowly
and the RMS Titanic had survivors.
The kids are mad
The press'll say
Child porn festival
Suicide tips on blogs
Cheap drugs on eBay
Terrorists on mumsnet
Five year olds download pirate films and that's just today.
Oh dear, oh dear
What are we to do
Someone didn't look on the bright side of life.
Do-do do-do do-do
Well they need a story to tell.
And being able to see, to talk to someone
5,000 miles gone
Who life had torn you away from.
That's not news.
A library at your fingers
As they tap, shimmey and strut along the keyboard.
Any fact, debate settled.
That's not news
They said the world will end.
1881
2012
Or when the HAL's of tomorrow computer generatedly jet off the TV set.
April, 2017.
The CDs on the shelf still.
The library is still where the students study their fill.
Friends go out or have coffee, depends on weather.
Family on Christmas sit together.
But I guess that's not news
Not as much as manic hackers
Or celebrity blues
Or the troll overreacters.
That's my argument for the day.
Yesterday I was told that I was air
inventive and cool to the touch
offering oxygen and ideas to breathless souls
All I was to you was sea sewage
forcing you to hold stale breath
gripping onto other
floating debris lovers
And I was a shark circling
waiting for the moment
your weak grip slipped
the last of dry flesh would sink under currant
and there I was reaching for your perfectly
rainbow arched feet

I pulled you deeper and deeper until
finally I let you slip back into a world
where gravity was your enemy
and I, left alone as a sea monster
for horny divers to gape at
And here I am sifting through the sand
trying to find purpose for our salty memories
Do I bury them and hope they convert into nourishment for the
algae?
do I let them float to the surface and offer light to your pirate pals?
Do I string them like pearls and adorn the humpbacks?
I could stuff them into the fisherman's cages and
let them surface back up to you
to suck from crab claws
But alas, captain
Until I find a purpose for all of our fucked up
suffocating memories
I'll scoff at being labeld "air"
and harbor those haunting pieces of you
like the mossy skulls I lay with
at the bottom of this dark ocean
Am I a siren?
Does the small harbor between my legs
Entice them so?
That sailors dash themselves along the rocky edges of my soul...
Damning themselves...
For a sip of it's frothy waves?
Halloween was always one of my
Favorite nights of the year,
Although the waiting was torturous
As the date drew near.

What to wear? was always the question.
Not rich enough to be trendy,
We put together makeshift costumes,
And Dad would always pretend he

Didn't have enough money
To spend on fancy treats.
"Besides," he said, "my theory
Is basically sweets are sweets."

We didn't have Darth Vader back then;
Kids were pirates and cats,
Skeletons, hobos, cowboys and Indians,
Devils, witches, and bats.

Mummies, scarecrows, fairies, clowns--
Whatever we could devise.
Many kids were simply ghosts
In sheets with holes for eyes.

Ah, the treats: chocolate coins,
Cookies, Milky Ways,
Popcorn balls, candy corn,
Necco Wafers for days,

Abba-Zabas, Tootsie Rolls,
Bubble gum cigars,
Licorice, Candy cigarettes,
And Snickers candy bars.

We got Double Bubble in packs,
Taffy, Cup-O-Gold,
Milk Duds, Jujifruits--
A mountain of treats all told.

The experts had TWO costumes
And made the rounds twice,
As if one giant bag of candy
Was never going to suffice.

Back at home we'd pour out our candy,
And then the bartering started.
Since I had two older brothers,
I was usually outsmarted.

Mom and Dad let us monitor
Our own candy stash,
And we survived the candy feast
Without a sugar crash.

Until I was fourteen years of age,
I'd never had a cavity,
Despite living in Candyland
In utter sugar depravity.

But I can still eat candy now
And not go trick-or-treating,
Though, granted, there are more nutritious
Foods that I should be eating.
- by Bob B
Dawn in New York has
four columns of mire
and a hurricane of black pigeons
splashing in the putrid waters.
Dawn in New York groans
on enormous fire escapes
searching between the angles
for spikenards of drafted anguish.
Dawn arrives and no one receives it in his mouth
because morning and hope are impossible there:
sometimes the furious swarming coins
penetrate like drills and devour abandoned children.
Those who go out early know in their bones
there will be no paradise or loves that bloom and die:
they know they will be mired in numbers and laws,
in mindless games, in fruitless labors.
The light is buried under chains and noises
in the impudent challenge of rootless science.
And crowds stagger sleeplessly through the boroughs
as if they had just escaped a shipwreck of blood.
pirate gun, a toy from woolworths probably.

they said to put my eye to the sight and pull
the trigger.

no caps, yet the hammer caught my lip. swelling.

badly. water to my eyes.

nearly forgotten yet i find that something still
triggers
what is assumeda long forgotten memory,
bruising
A bruise, or confusion, appears on the skin due to trauma

aggravated note.
aggravated
arvetd/
adjective
Law
adjective: aggravated
(of an offence) made more serious by attendant circumstances.
sbm.
Yond Cassius has a lean and hungry look
-From The Tragedy of Julius Caesar, Shakespeare
Time held me green and dying
Though I sang in my chains like the sea
-From Fern Hill, Dylan Thomas
The annual celebration once again sanctified the 6th of April and welcomed a lush green earth renewed and fertile. The pealing of bells in the watchtower initiated the end of the rainy season and families rushed from their small square cottages to the town center, which was set for a night of festivity.It was five oclock in the evening.Rows of long tables were lavished with the finest of dainties and sweets.All about pigs roasted, grills steamed, and wine flowed, amid youthful laughter filling the hearts of all present.All, except one young man who sat alone pensively observing the dances and games that fleeted by so innocently, so delicately in the blue evening shades.His name was Bruno Marnelli, a lean man with dark, stony features, and a leftover aspect from youth: a schoolboy charm emitted from his blue eyes and bookish face.Italian descent, his grandparents had helped colonize this part of the greater world and founded the towns first school.The town was named Mornocello after an Italian Noble, who perished defending the colony from its enemies who had since dispersed.Bruno was prone to question everything, and his enormous appetite for the worlds mysteries was tragically unmet thanks to, he believed, the limitations of his singular birthplace.He did not judge his peoples ways, they were simply not his ways.Drink more!Loosen up! his friends would say.He could drink more and sometimes did.But he didnt know the meaning of loosening up and nothing could entice him to dance, certainly not to enjoy it.
It was near sundown.Everyone had feasted and danced and were now in the process of drinking.The lights flared about the small rostrum, stages for speakers in the old Roman forums, though once decorated with the beaks of conquered ships, the people of Mornocello dressed it with colorful paraphernalia, irregularly shaped bass instruments and other artifacts of the sites previous inhabitants.A man with a sleek black mustache that drooped freely about his large red lips walked to the center of the stage and opened his arms warmly inviting the crowds attention.It was Pombleno Reggio, the colonys governor.He addressed the congregation:
The good people of Mornocello, my dear family and friends!God has again blessed us with abundant rain and the promise of bountiful crops
Bruno listened half-attentively, while the Governor gave his usual spiel.Early into the speech a distant thumping drew Brunos attention down the cobbled street.From the darkness he detected a vague form moving quickly.It was a dark assassin swinging his strong and lethal limbs in perfect unison with his beautiful muscular form.He was a ghost from the past, and Bruno imagined for an instant that he wielded a spear and was rushing to slay the governor.
Bruno cried out and pointed at the approaching figure.As the person approximated and lost obscurity, Bruno realized that it was Vincente, a town guard.Vincente arrived breathless and gesticulated wildly toward the coast.He was speaking in bursts and saying something about a man discovered washed ashore.The man was alive!

Upon hearing what he could, Bruno ran down the street toward the coast.A man washed ashore  And alive!He must have shipwrecked: the sole survivor, perhaps of a fire, or a great naval battle!Brunos heart beat excitedly as he sprinted down the street, barely dodging a few loitering boys.It was so unusual for their little town to receive any information from the outside world!
Bruno didnt quit his energetic pace until he reached the shore and witnessed several guards transporting a white, naked body covered with seaweed.The mans wet tangled net of graying beard and hair drooped from his head and face like some terrible growth.A great white wound bulged from the top corner of his forehead.There was a macabre peculiarity about him that suggested the thought of dead and rotten things tousled in wild disarray.
Bruno walked quickly to the men, who were earnestly comforting the cold body beside a fire, and scrutinized the survivor.How could it be alive?Yet, it most assuredly was.Bruno reflected how dead things teem with life, and an unwarranted image of larvae feasting on a carcass permeated his thoughts.The impression sickened him but he managed to shiver it off and continue his scrutiny.He seemed academic.His long withered fingers possessed articulate, even eloquent, curves, and contained an inherent intelligence as though filled with brain matter.His impressive figure also boasted a marvelous cranium that edged backward like an egg.
Bruno heard footsteps and glanced behind to see Doctor Salvuccis thin, austere person hastily approach.He carried a small case and was followed by several townsfolk.Governor Reggio stayed behind to keep the mass happy.They mustnt be curious on this immortal night.The man will live and in the morning all will be revealed.The 6th of April symbolized the good harvest and thus the tradition of celebration ought to be religiously maintained, as if ceasing to do so would provoke the gods to destroy the years crops.Bruno understood the holiday and sympathized with his peoples devotion.Indeed, his entire childhood rallied toward that one in a year day of fun and festivity.
It was not long before the shriveled survivor was wrapped in blankets and carried to the small hospital, under the direct and stern orders of the energetic doctor.Brunos enthusiastic desire to converse with this stranger from the sea intensified with the doctors remark upon the survivors astounding constitution to have subsisted thus far.The doctor went on to say:
I cant understand that white gash on his forehead, its somehow odd to me I would hazard to guess that he was hit on the head during a storm at sea and then fell overboard.But certainty is not yet possible.
Instead of sleeping, Bruno spent several hours at the shore, quietly contemplating the nighttime ocean.The white moon reflected beautifully like stars dancing upon the black waves.It was always here that Bruno came for solitude and self-reflection.Everything always seemed to go back to the sea. When confronting the sea it is impossible to hide anything within ones heart; it slowly drifts out like music, like inspiration.The oceans heavy waves pull ones most inner thoughts and feelings out into the open and so allows both poet and philosopher to sing the words written on their hearts.What the poet sings at these sacred moments, he may know is beautiful but not understand why.What the philosopher sings, he may understand but not recognize the beauty.The sea was the great origin of everything, the home from which we leave, and to which we spend most of our absence trying to return.It was a wonderful mystery: infinite surface and depths cuddling a universe of treasures in its calm clammy hands.Bruno lied down and eventually the fluctuating sound of the waves rocked him to sleep in his sandy cradle.
During the mans hospitalization, Bruno remained with him, much to the overworked doctors relief.Bruno recorded some of the strangers recovery during this time:
Day One (April 7th): The doctor was sure that he was in a comma.We tried to feed him but it proved very difficult and scarcely successful.He says nothing.He lies there so motionless.Perhaps he will sleep for the rest of his life.We have decided for the time being to call him Delmar.
Day Two (April 8th): The man, Delmar, seemed, relatively speaking, to have gained more strength today. He spoke in low incoherent mumbles and evidently he is not in a comma, as earlier suspected.We were very happy when he let us give him some drink.

Day Three (April 9th): A frightful thing happened today.I was in the practice now of waiting by the sickbed very patiently for signs of movement.By now, the doctor had trusted me to sit beside Delmar as an informant should his condition necessitate immediate attention.Delmar was in his usual state of mortuary repose, and I had drifted into deep abstraction, when the man suddenly lifted his entire torso and with eyes blazing, grabbed me by the shirt and bellowed out the words: Back away fiend, I have seen him!I have seen the Devil!His body then collapsed and stiffened like a corpse.A tremor ran through my system, as though I had been aged a year in an instant.The doctor rushed in:Did he speak?What did he say?He eagerly demanded and dashed to examine his patient.Although it was hard to mutter a syllable, I managed to respond that yes he had spoken, although his words were hardly extricable from the scream that conveyed them.Indeed, I was, at first, deathly afraid of what lurked in our Delmars heart.Some foul demon from the past, I imagined.However, my reason dismisses this supposition, and though I tremble at the mere recollection of so strange a manifestation, I attribute the phenomena to nightmare.

After this singular instance, Bruno observed the foreigners recovery remotely.A couple of weeks passed before the man began communicating intelligibly.His name was Perditio Henebry, he was Portuguese by birth, but had spent the past twenty years working Italian merchant ships.When informed that he had been given the name Delmar, he seemed mildly amused and asked that the people continue calling him that.The doctor allowed few to speak to Delmar, and so Governor Reggio arranged a Grand Welcoming, wherein Delmar could tell his whole story to everyone.
Finally, the day arrived.After games and feasts, everyone settled and Delmar somberly ambled up the stage.He communicated his story in erratic tone.At times, he seemed horribly oppressed, and at other times he spoke with genuine passion.His nervousness told in his habitual touching of the large bandage on his forehead.He told of his past life in Portugal and Italy, of his time as a merchant sailor, the storm and the subsequent shipwreck.Though miraculous, the mans story was almost impossibly simple and certainly not commeasurable with Brunos trumped up expectations.Bruno was disappointed and irrationally felt that Delmar must be retaining something.The poor survivor, having told his bland tale, cautiously stepped off the stage, keeping his eyes steadily on the ground before him, as the people of Mornocello cheered on their strange son from the sea.
That same night Bruno went to the local bar.On his way there, he bumped into Delmar and in a warm and genteel manner invited him to have a drink.Delmar hesitated, said no, and explained that he had given up drinking many years ago.However, Bruno insisted, pleading that drink or no drink he would be forever obliged for an hour alone of conversation, as he explained how rare was the occasion for him to hear accounts of life in the European countries.The man eventually conceded to Brunos childish supplication, and together they entered the bar and at Delmars request took the table in the darkest corner, as he complained of an acute sensitivity to light, no doubt an effect of his head injury.
They sat in the bar for hours.Bruno had ordered a bottle of rum, the only liquor available, and after some friendly persuasion, Delmar indulged as well.Bruno questioned him about current events: whos at war with whom, what monarchs currently reigned, and various other intrigues.Delmar hardly answered before Bruno interposed another question or thought:
Oh yes, but excuse me, dont you think that Russia, with all her military power, will decide to expand her empire?And remember to consider the economic depression of those countries bordering her
In certain areas, Bruno knew more than Delmar, who at heart was a simple sailor, and whose interests were in other matters.
They had half finished the rum, when Bruno stopped mid-sentence, because he perceived that Delmar was crying.
Im sorry is something the matter, my friend? Did I say somethingBruno started awkwardly.
No, no, its nothing.Just, I think, the liquor and all of this talk makes me remember my home.
Im so sorry to have stirred you so shall we part for the night?
No, please if you dont mind, Id like to take a walk on the coast and look at the sea.I could use some company.
As you please, Bruno said, and reflected that if he ever traveled from Mornocello, then he too would look at the sea to relieve homesickness.Bruno paid the bill and the two walked silently down the cobbled street and reached the sandy coast.
Delmar, I have a question to ask thats been bothering me for some time.While in recovery, you said nothing intelligible for about two days.Then, on the third day, you rose from the bed, grabbed me, and said that you had seen the devil.Its, Im sure, a normal reaction to a nightmare with no grounding in reality whatsoever.Bruno stopped talking and waited for Delmar to speak.For many minutes Delmar stared at the sea distractedly and then said:
By the time we could taste freedom, he was raving mad, Delmar continued staring at the dark waves. True, shipwrecked we were.Yes, that much is true.Five of us survived and after a fortnight sustained on nothing but coconut, we were discovered by unfriendly natives who treated us harshly and bound our hands.Upon the fifth day of tortuous captivity we traveled in five canoes to a small island.There were over twenty of them and deliverance seemed a hopeless cause.
The island was populated with small trees, the like of which Id never before seen. The branches were stubby and covered with white blotches as though diseased.Small botchy red leaves added to its infected appearance.Our captors cut off much of the gnarled roots from these trees, brought it to the fire and boiled it through some primitive contraption.They filled a coconut shell with the liquefied root, and everybody sipped it.They gave it to us as well.I had heard of similar practices and I knew what to expect.I knew that we were to be eaten and that all partaking in the feast of life must drink of the root.It was to intoxicate us in such a way that pain was a pleasure, and consumption was life.I refused, as did my comrades, however they held us down, and forced us to drink.It was slightly bitter and admitted no odor, but I was nevertheless repulsed by the ritual and I concocted an idea.
After getting the leaders attention, I indicated to him that I needed to urinate and preferred to do it by the sea.He hesitated momentarily then ordered one of the others to lead me.As soon as we reached the shore line I broke from my guardians grip and dove into the water.&amp;nbsp
Freddy singing
Chica eating
Bonnie rocking
Me backstage thinking to myself "they would never accept me, always alone"
I was the one who was mostly left out of the gang, a lonely pirate fox.
I did enjoy the laughter and smiles of children, eating pizza and playing.
But I always wanted to be one of them, always wanted to be, well, not alone.
I wanted to be on stage with freddy and the rest of the gang to be adored
But I'm just a lonely fox, standing on a Lonely corner, behind a lonely curtain.
But today was different, today was going to make my life change forever, not better but worse.

Freddy and the gang were doing the usual thing they do every day, introducing them selfs, then introducing me. I was always prepared to see the smiles on the children's faces, hearing the laughter of joy here at Freddy Fazbear's pizza. As I stepped out of the curtains, I welcomed the children to pirates cove. I would always greet them with a smile and tell them to have fun.
Today, an unusual little girl came in. It was probably her first time here, because I've never seen her before. As I talked the little girl walked up to me and started asking her mother a lot of questions about me. I realized that my owners haven't changed my battery because I was malfunctioning and my battery was dying. An employee came up to the girl and told her not to get close to me. She got mad and ignored him. That got me a little upset. As my battery was dying, I was talking slower and slower by the second. The employee then asked the girls mom to make her child not get close to me, but she ignored him as well. Then there was something that really got me upset. The little girl started to make fun of me. I got really mad, but that was the end of it. My battery had died, I had fallen off the stage, and all I could remember was me hearing a loud crunch,blood in my mouth,people screaming and crying and seeing a little headless girl right beside me.
When I had woken up, there were no smiling children. No happy parents. No singing and laughter. The place was completely empty. I looked around for anyone to be there, but all there was, was Freddy and the gang starring at me in anger. I walked out of my stage place and wandered around. I when to the entrance and saw a sign that said "closed by the end of the year". I became sad and walked back to my lonely stage. As I walked I noticed that Freddy, Chica and Bonnie were waiting for me there. They grabbed me and threw me to the ground. The beet me up tore me to shreds. I couldn't take it so I let out a loud scream. They stopped, then we all hear someone coming. Freddy, Chica and Bonnie run back on their stage. An employee comes in with a sign in his hand. He came towards me and put a sign on my stage. It read, " Sorry, out of order".
I want to be a pirate and sail the seven seas
command the open oceans
and bring
Poseidon to his knees.
Alas I suffer from mal de mer
the smell of salt makes me sick
I swear.
It seems I'll never go to sea
so
a pirate's life is not for me.
Cascades were dripping outside of this moving vehicle
White noise, patternless and arrhythmic
like magnified sounds of nails on a concrete wall,
made by souls desperate to cleave their way to dryness
This public utility vehicle holds spirits successful in finding this temporary heaven
Weathered, soaked and almost drowned
like panting dogs that managed to swim ashore from a shipwreck
caused by the iceberg that is the eye of the storm
This safe haven holds champions in a world of misshapen men
A woman clutches tightly on a bag of lime and her ever waning youth
Tired, but not eager to face Death
still closing her windows to his cat burglars
that come faster than the downpour of Typhon's tears
A homeless child comfortably sleeps on the far end of this ride
His innocence tested by fate
Too experienced for someone his age
instead of just playing in the streets he calls home
The jeepney driver has eyes on the road painted by Van Gogh
Unabashed, industrious and assiduous
determined to serve,
provide for a family whose stomachs hunger not but they hunger for his return
This other dimension nurtures alien thoughts and parallel thinking among beat down men
I do not know them but I can hear the cries of their emotions,
their longing to be felt and empathized with
Their voiceless cries are guns with a silenced nozzle
shooting at anyone ignorant who curiously stare at this minefield of a passenger jeep
The sky is grey
With falling ash.
I wait upon
The snapping lash.
The sonic boom
That scalds my skin.
Bites my back,
Licks my chin.
A cry bursts through
My bloody lips.
And tiptoes through
The sails and ships.
My face is raw
And black and red.
By blades as thin
As pin and thread.
The rope that binds
With hostile ease,
Is as merciless
As the greedy seas.
The cannons gleam,
And spit out smoke
Then fire sang,
And war awoke.
I strained a gaze
On black and white,
That streamed right through
The brightened night.
Now torn to shreds
And at my feet,
It was the last
Of the pirate fleet.
Peter Pan often does daring things: fights pirates, swims with mermaids, chants with Indians, etc. At first glance, you'd think he's courageous. However, he stays in Neverland to hide from the trials of reality after making arather harsh assumption. If he would have found the courage to knock on his mother's door, Peter's whole life could have changed, and most likely for the better.
It's rather unfortunate how one's pride can stand in the way of their courage. But then again, if you choose stay in Neverland, how will you ever grow up?
He is a ship
Full of treasures,
Ivory eyes,
Golden heart
And mind.
He sinks into
Blue skies
That clouds
Hold together.
He hits rock
Bottom
On sands of
Time,
With skeletons
Of pirates inside
Him.
Her back
Against
His chest,
His arms
Around
Her waist,
Makes her look
Like a picture
Inside a frame.
Bird watchers
Listen
Wondering
The kind of
Bird she is;
Plucked skin
Crested Coua
-Eyes
And hair like
A windy night.
They sway
When they
-Walk
Like the ways
Of the waves.
Thru storms
They talk
Like God talks
To mother nature.
They hold hands
Like birds hold
Tree branches.
They go on &amp; on
Lifes adventure.
Nov 18, 2017
Sailor man, will you be with me?
Hear my song I sing just for thee.
Be my brave pirate and forget the thrashing waves.
Come with me and love me in the deep.
I dance.
Dance
Dance
What do you want me to do?
What words do you want me to say?
What course of action should I take maam?
I dance around you endlessly.
Dont worry, Im not stopping anytime soon.
it wasn't absinthe...
just rum...
but i was looking
at videos,
stretching my legs
in a crucifix pose...
tina "fucking" turner...
i'm reclining in my
chair...
and then my feet
"move"...
i love the illusion,
i'm staring at them citing
myself: what the fuck?
i swear i'm supposed
to be aquarium / cross-eyed
at this point...
down another pint,
and call it quits?
fuck me...
just stretching my feet
in a lower-body crucifix pose...
and they start to "move"?
tina <em>fucking</em> turner!
is that as bad <em>chris de burgh's</em>
<em>a spaceman came travelling</em>...
that shitty bit of <em>david bowie</em>?
la la, fuck, ha ha.
i'm still reclining,
imposing with my legs crossed,
and i too am hallucinating
them moving...
rum?
rum?! fucking pirate like?
yeah...
pirate like....
internalise burping...
or like me in a catholic school,
having internalied amen...
1 hour's worth of detention
after school, for having internalied
a yawn, during prayer
prior to a lesson...
ever internalied a yawn,
i.e. without opening your mouth?
fuck you, jesus;
comes the time to mention
<em>walther von brauchitsch</em>,
no reason, other than to just
piss you off, dearest jew;
fucking paddies:
you gonna sing me some
fucking <em>westlife</em> while you're at it?
please do...
i'd hate to hear
rod stewart's mandolin...
or anything by jeff or his father's
timothy buckley pieces;
please... enlighten me...
so i might squirm like
the naturally squirming
tibetan...
when sucking a lemon; point
two fifth's of a twat that you are?
fun hallucination though...
nothing spectacular to be honest...
just your crucifix folded feet...
and wearing household sandals,
against the dark... propped against
the windowsill...
they almost always seemed to
move...
believe me, i wish i had access
to some l.s.d.;
and no, these days, the hallucinatory
element once contained in absinthe,
is completely missing; they just made
a 99% proof;
given that: you'll be drinking
that shit alone,
or with a girl eating liquorice,
deciding to confront the idea of shoelaces
with spaghetti.
A lone ember on a sinking ship
Not enough to start a fire
Before its drowned by salty water
But enough to leave an ugly scar
Have you found God?
Or have I found treason?
I'm a stained black flag
Waiting on the winds of change
But these winds, they never come
The flag sits unmoving
The flag sits defeated
Like the victim of the hangman's noose
My compass turns in circles, and
I cannot see the stars
Endlessly, aimlessly I sail
In search of my Northwest Passage
A path I know I'll never find
But its all I have left
An immaterial keepsake
That ties me to this world
For now, I'm lost at sea
Imprisoned by my shipwreck
But the jailer will one day die
And leave behind his keys
Strung like spoils on an iron ring
And maybe one day I will find them
As they sink to the ocean floor
And maybe one day I will be free
But that day has not yet come
And until then, I sail
Through thick, eerie fog that hides
The way to my Northwest Passage
Im freakin out,
I think I might have a disease,
and I want to tell you what it is,
but I wont because its embarrassing,
not ready yet to release the Skeletons from my Closet,
plus theres a lot of Skeletons in my closet because its a walk-in,
its funny how I used to get played back in the day but now even the jocks are on my jock jockin,
on my cock and damn,
not trying to be too vulgar,
like making a passively racist joke at a party,
over bites of caviar from a Baluga,
whoo raw!
Hee haw,
Im freakin out,
I think I might have a disease,
and I want to tell you what it is,
but I wont because its embarrassing,
dont want to talk about it,
dont even know why Im writing about it,
because you probably dont want to even read about it,
sorry I brought it up lets change the subject to something not so uncomfortable how about this,
whats fun to you,
dressed up whips and leather,
crazy style loco real life live freak show,
you call it a cyclone I call it perfect weather,
tether,
your morals,
on a flag pole,
fly a fckn pirate flag,
where are we,
I mean as a society,
its 2017,
what the fck are you saying,
tell me something real,
tell me something original,
tell me something Ive never heard before,
or dont tell me anything at all,
possessed,
yeah I said it,
how else could I write these unlimited verses,
without a single edit,
this is the perfect version,
of a beneficial perversion,
so open up your 3rd Eye for a second,
and experience this in 1st person,
step inside the mind of a mad man,
they always ask what its like to be Aaron,
well nows your chance to find out,
so do it now because most times theres no 2nd chance,
Im freakin out,
I think I might have a disease,
and I want to tell you what it is,
but I wont because its embarrassing,
not ready yet to release the Skeletons from my Closet,
plus theres a lot of Skeletons in my closet because its a walk-in,
its funny how I used to get played back in the day but now even the jocks are on my jock jockin
Aaron LA Lux
Amber shaded sugar cane
Crashing on caribbean rock
Spices slither seductively
Empty bottle requiem
A pirates life for me
Swirled in draining glass
Emptying across my tongue
And down my throat
Good things never last
If I jump,
will you save me?
If I run into traffic,
will you be there to push me out of the way?
If I am alone in an alley,
will you protect me?
If I was locked in a tower,
would you be my night in shining armor,
rescue me,
and share true love's kiss?
Will you be my prince,
and I your princess?
If I was kidnapped by pirates,
would you save me?
If you save me,
will you let me save you in return?
My words, I'll interpret it the way I want
No walls just boundaries
Think twice: is he really that nice?
Choose between the good and the bad
I always choose bad
It's a limitless option
So much to do in the plains of wrong
Preach the beat
Keep me revived
I'm not gonna sweet talk you out of this adventure
Maybe one day you'll see
That I have nothing to give
I'm just a pirate
With no ship
No crew
No body loves me
Nobody cares
It's my life
I'm proud
Too proud
To dare
Saying I love you
Is the worst choice
You'll ever recommend
This is my voice
I'm done hearing love songs
About hating life
And sucking ass
For politicians
Who don't love their wives
I wait for the light to come
I wait for your bedroom door
Oh ohhh ohh ohhhhhh-pen
City
almostdone now,
the fun somehow has left these streets,
but weary feet are tramping home, sick to death and weary to the bone.
Rtoseberry avenue
postcode EC1 and then
it's gone.
Clerkenwell green,
scene of many unpleasantries leaves me and on to St John's street and
more city feet.
Old street not paved with gold except for the elite and more weary feet tramping on.
It's the end of another day and the city always had its way with the few and the lucky ones escaped by bus,
not us,
we went hobo on the city street, tramps and dodgy people, feet so sore and where if when we look to see the Shoreditch box park know we are not far or free of Hackney and the night falls dark across me.
I do
I do
Said twice, but in my heart I knew it wasn't so.
I go because I must've been and seen it all before and though I know it's rotten to the core it draws me like a magnet and I am being trawled by some megaline or dragnet.
The streets beat me down and the pirates in this dirty town have stolen me away,
just another bedtime story written underneath the evening stars and just another ending of the day.
You be my sailor' and I'll be be a boat for you.
We'll sail off to adventurous lands together
Buy silk, sweet smelling woods and magic fruit
We'll bob on the waves under the silvery moons light
And tell tales to each other of imaginary worlds
We can adopt animals and birds from strange islands
Buy exotic spices measured by Chinese pirates
Maybe I shall rescue you from their ship on the high seas
When they try to sell you as a bejewelled slave of love
There will be pools of turquoise to swim in under blue skies
Beaches of white glistening sands set with mother of pearl
Birds to watch and listen to as we swim and bats to fly overhead
Foods of many lands to enjoy savour and wonder over
You and I shall have so much fun throughout life together
Even though our lands are no more than the duvet
And our adventures are nothing more than dreams in our heads.
Then will come the day we must go our separate ways
Adventures of our own on our own but knowing
That we will be once again be reunited to explore each other
Our adventures no longer held by the duvet or imagination
To be allowed to stroll along beaches, to truly fly in the skies above.
To be together forever and held in each other's arms and free.
'In this world of shipwreck,there is hope in uncertainty.'
-Lola versus
Somewhere deep in the ocean hides a majestic creature.
Witha gorgeous hair and an amazing feature.
Everybody thought it didn't exists
with it's beautiful face and voice, you just couldn't resist.
As I walk along the shoreline
I saw something grand, something divine.
I thought to myself maybe my eyes were playing tricks on me.
I'm thinking whether to sojourn or flee.
I gathered all of my strength and cast away the fear.
Her voice is the only thing that I can hear.
Now I'm beside her, standing &amp; looking for the right words to say,
but all I can see is her smile that's as bright as the day.
As I finally said hi and catch my breath,
I remembered a legend about pirates &amp; their sudden death.
Enchanted by a beautiful voice,
they're all ensnared without any other choice.
And with my love for her, now I am bound,
crying &amp; lying hopelessly on the ground.
I'm engulfed with a burning sensation and she's the one that ignite,
this enormous flame called <em>"love at first sight"</em>.
Black
Shriveled
Flaking at the edges
Crumbling into a shipwreck
crashed far too many times
into someone else's shore
Walls are peeling off the collapsing interior
the paint is scratched with claws
Not enough pillars, not enough strength
Samson's arms are long broken
Blood forms blades
Ribs remain cages, prisons
Curling into a fist
Knocking on someone else's heart
It's a door
that will never open.
Dear friend,
maybe you know me maybe you know me well maybe you only know my face but not my name maybe you only know rumors of memaybe we passed through the same door but at different timesmaybe you were sitting here where I am now in some other life in some other buildingmaybe we shared a beer and a shot and a tale or twomaybe I broke down in tears as you sat awkwardly in front of me at some dinner at 3:17 in the morning the last time my heart fell apart at the seamsmaybe you told me a joke that caught me off guard and I snorted before a deep belly laughmaybe you trusted me enough to tell me your dreams afraid I would think them absurdmaybe you trusted me enough to read your children bedtime storiesmaybe youre the girl that made me write my first love poem maybe it was horriblemaybe it wasntmaybe youre the last person I said I love you to that believed memaybe youre someone I wanted to talk to but lost my voice when the opportunity presented itselfmaybe we talked but I never said what I should havemaybe I said too much Im always quite except when I dont know when to shut upmaybe we havent meet yetmaybe we wont maybe we will in and wherever comes nextmaybe you where a leaf and I was a treemaybe you where the spider and I was the fly maybe I was a weed and you were a childs first wish maybe you were the star and I was the last lullaby to leave a dying mans lips maybe we will never know more than we know right now maybe its all one great last goodbye one moment of eternity twirling in the eyes of a child in the mind of a god taking its last breathmaybe we never wheremaybe we never will be
but friend,
no matter what it may or may not beknow thisI love youas you arewhole or brokenmiserable or contentkind or cruelperfectly flawed or flawed with perfectionshave no doubt all you need to be beautiful is the song in the beat of your heartwe are connectedby legends and mythsfairy songs and pirate mapssecrets untold and memories forgottenlaughter unheard and tears not shed lives lived through the blood and pulse of an unending spool of thread found in the bottomless pool of the eternal heart of love
and friend,
take carebe kind live well dream always love infinitely
Well,well,well, I wonder
How quickly one gets
attracted to these shells
lie strewn around, colorfully
without any scheme or theme
but in no wayless attractive
yet making naked soft soles
of itinerant feet bleed
if gets closer than needed.
On a desolate beach
like this one here, we stand
there isn't much else
other than laden sand
one can expect to set eyes on
for a long, long time
unless one is counting
the waves,incessantly rolling out,
waves that won't let you do that job,
the way perfect,you want to accomplish.
What would a wave bring you other than
what you have expected always!
Then comes the time to let
eyes wander on to the naked shells,
spread as if each conceals a cryptic message!
You'd never want to knowwhat
strange happenings they predict.
Oh! Yes! so many waiting in disorder
with that onetime impatience,
inevitable death's thirst display,
now quenched forever and aye!
Now licked clean by sun and waves,
and time's invisible scaly tongue.
that adamantly kept mum,
when one was all ears to listen.
Shell white in an angry profusion
dominates the sea shore
making sand whiteness mean less,
Staring eyeless crabs,just as shells
comes in to dreams as pirates
Shrimps, kills and prawns transform
in to ghostly shells cackling in salty winds.
Shells whispering the stories of pain from the past,
Did i hear someone in a frenzy yell
from a mid sea night darkness.
"Kill that shell,with the evil memories
of a death,that drained all semblance
of life,that drained all spirit of life.
"Shells go back to your sleep!
From the dream of return,
Prepare for a life allover again".
Whirlwind of gossip.
Around and around it goes.
Wreaking chaos and havoc,
as the lies explode and grow.
Causing hurt.
Inflicting pain.
Ruining the course of one's entire life.
The untamed tongue.
Is a hellish fire.
Be careful what you speak.
Or your life could become a shipwreck.
To tame one's tongue is very wise.
Use it to bless and to heal.
Not to slander and criticize.
Use it to forgive and to love.
Fill it not with cursing and bitterness.
Be careful.
Oh so careful.
What you speak.
For the consequences can bring wounds very deep.
Be careful.
Oh so careful.
What you speak.
I am a pirate.
An ego without
adequate moral precepts
representing no culture
since being deemed socially unacceptable.
Pledging no Country:
sovereign remains of a Country that was.
I am a goy,
living without legal ordinance.
With nowhere to go-
-hoping there is a place...
Coming for you, in hopes to follow your shadow.
To pillage, ransack and snatch your daughters,
as she knows no other way --
or sisters --
slightly more independent.
I have no allegiance;
just my creed of plunder.
Tis my birthright.
S. Wesley Mcgranor
she is a little more than a little tired of
lists.And litanies that go no
where, and
hail no one.it would be nice to be the
list, instead, being penned, being spun into be
ing, to be the logical result of a strong clear
desire.(all she can really remember
from that pirate
movie is that the compass only worked if
you could let yourself
wild yawp want it).
More. <em>more</em> (the word quivers at the nub
like something might be actually
happening).
<em>More</em>
magic beans.
Less stirring soup.
More of to fly into
a rage at the intrusion
more intrusion! less
steady golden eggs that bore her
into a whipless
stupor.More unknown. More <em>parapets of cloud</em>. More
lovers the size of small mountains. More rumbling
and coming apart at the fault lines.
More lava beneath me, she writes and grows
warm. Oh! How
that would burn...
I have a very limited diet.
I survive off sweet and nutritious thoughts.
The compliments that taste like candy.
I devour them whole.
Put a little icing on me.
I could use a personality.
What do you want me to be?
Something sour? Or something sweet?
Cut me open, limb by limb.
Tell me good things.
Eat me and tell me how good I taste.
I crave the validation.
The bad thoughts have my stomach tied in knots.
I puke them out until I'm hungry again.
I could use some sweet things.
So all your thoughts get shoved down my throat.
Order anything you'd like.
I'll be whatever you want.
I'll make sure to consume perfection.
You are what you eat after all.
Am I good yet?
Am I too much, too little?
Too sweet, too savoury?
I will take in your thoughts and make you happy.
I'm filling up on too many thoughts.
But I'm starving.
I'm overeating all the nice things you say.
My insides are an overflowing shipwreck.
What flavour is my personality?
Should I just scrape it off?
Everyone will like me more without it.
Everyone will like me more without it.
Devour me whole, tell me I'm pretty.
Take a bite of me.
Call me the perfect identity.
Do you enjoy me?
I purge your thoughts and change my flavour.
Why aren't you happy?
My stomach is empty.
I've forgotten who I used to be.
While the movie Jawsmay have been
the highest grossing movie at the time,
I can't overlook the role it played
in instilling an irrational fear of sharks
into the masses that filled theaters.
I can list more species of shark
than I can list authors,
and I'm an English major,
and while Great Whites,
Bull sharks and Tiger Sharks
have all attacked unprovoked,
there are more and more sharks
that find their species name
added to the endangered list
due to fear fueled over fishing.
Not only is shark fishing a sport,
but shark fin soup runs a pretty dollar,
encouraging poachers to pirate the waters.
As gruesome as a shark attack can be,
leaving victims maimed in the waters,
blood pooling like an oil spill on the waves,
the number of shark attacks to humans
is chillingly low to the number of sharks
that are finned each year.
Finning is a process in which fishermen
will catch a shark to provide main ingredient
in the delicacy of shark fin soup,
but the recipe calls only for the fins,
so after the shark is hauled onboard
rusty saw tooth blades hack at the fins,
until only a defenseless, butchered body remains,
which is thrown back into the ocean
where the carcasses sink until they are eaten.
This is the shark attack I fear.
Swept out of the womb
Towards a shore of freedom
Eyes hungrily seeking
A brave new world
Pilgrims and pirates set sail
For a land of untold riches
Finding shores of desolate sand
And fields of maize
Mother calls you home
"Come back to me" she cries
The gentle ears of a new country
Ignore the ringing call
Rebuke comes
Followed by armies of red coats
Thirteen fingers reaching
For the freedom within its grasp
Thirteen toes digging
Into soil it wishes so keep
Pain in the chest
And love in the heart
Don't tear this new country apart
England, fair well
Do drop in for tea
But not in Boston
Because the tax isn't free
To hold a candle in one's palm
And let the wax drop into a soul that yearns for brightness;
To polish off a set of silverware
That is set in the back of the china cabinet;
To these actions does one owe the breadth of sincerity
Reached only by the mobile and task-less mind.
When I was a young child,
Cloud scanning was naught but a foolish game
That only the sloth did chance to play.
Yet white pirate ships and marshmallow fantasies
Would still laugh and dance just out of my stunted reach
Until my tangled shoelaces tripped my idleness into
An emerald green oblivion as my knees met ground.
Parallels exist when one matures;
It's just as easy to trip over a pair of high heels.
To what end, then, do we owe the dusting off
Of the old mahogany boxes of memories?
To which source do we credit the rolling film
That replays childlike nostalgia through a sepia tinted lens?
To the wonders of the mind and the memories within,
We owe our deigning to produce and beginning to dream.
again and again
the morning comes undone
and we march -
stuff-lunged into crunch
and mule love
blunder-busedand lump-kin
but for always
a short ton
of long grief
tweaking the snip
of a dead sow's ear
to reap a jewel
from a dead
mind.
but here
i love you like a war in Spain
spiking the Punch and Judy/
a fugue grief on a tide of dark joy
slavering at the haunches
of a Pegasus.
Blindfolded.
Drinking rum doesn't make you a pirate
Or dressing like a buffoon
The only harties you have
Are the ones you pay or groom
Three in a bed is a nursery rhyme
Not something for every night
But put on that shirt and grab your pistol
Or in your case a guitar
And strut about like bootstrap Bill
Wooing with your charm
But charm like sunlight fades into dark night
When there is no substance and Rum and "Coke" are rife
I looked up too you talent
You really did some good
But maybe you're a pirate after all
Leaving a wake of shite
Accolades.
Titles.
Never did a very good job at running them down.
Just as entitled, in that aspect:
wanting a crown, but no real respect
for the hard work necessary.
Forgive me.
Maybe it's feigned humility that makes me wary.
Maybe I know Liars.
Now <em>that's</em> a label I carried
until honesty
emboldened me.
I preferred when "Good Woman" was said
to"Cool Chick,"
but those and "Different Than I've Ever Known"
didn't do any tricks.
You know what did?
I'm a fool for not having checked before we left.
Not gauges or pressures
or tires' tread,
and less than half way
the latter slipped from the tire
leaving exposed wire
but enough air it might get us where
it could get fixed.
A fool twice. I didn't listen.
I was told how to fix it
...weeks ago
before the snow.
What can be said
is that I kept a level head
and safely kept my commitment.
What I <em>was</em> told
as I scolded myself on the road?
"You are amazing. Thank you."
<em>For what?</em>
"For getting us through that. You could have done worse-"
which could have meant hearse.
I'm not always slow to toot my own horn.
I can wear the Pirate and the Priest
though, the second, not as well.
And for that title, I made its hell
as real as love is when it is possession.
In my life, two men, and one friend
called me that name: Cool Chick.
One was being slick
and I didn't believe the other two, until today.
If, of the three,
the liar had been
in the passenger seat,
how the words would have flown
like shrapnel.
Curses or praises,
they'd tear me to pieces.
When at last today
I saw your face,
you looked good,
but not honest.
It was awkward but nice
standing there knowing
whatever the price we are paying
it's worth it
to know what it's like
to <em>feel</em> worth it.
I dream of an unknown land across the sands
A place where humans dare not go
Filled with Immortals who seen the beginning of time
Their world is pure and not filled with pollution like ours.
They take care of their Earth because they know it's a part of them.
Elves hunting in the forest with bow in hand.
They are healers, Warrior's, Hunters and leaders.
They are bound to the earth so they know her desires.
Fairies who make the flowers grow in spring also fills the world with snow in winter and their magic makes shooting stars.
They love to pull tricks on the ones who don't know.
They're tricksters but sweet down to their soul.
Werewolves hunting in the forest for their mates and pups to eat.
Family is the most important thing to a werewolf if you mess with one wolf you get the pack on your back nipping at your heels.
Vampires recording time in their books so the young May learn what the old has known for centuries
Witches and warlocks in the castle on the hill made out of Glass.
They cast their spells to keep the world safe and so dark Forces can not enter their realm from the dark side but beware if you mess with one the wrong way you'll have a hex on your back before you can blink.
Dragons flying overhead teaching the newborns how to fly it's quite a beautiful sight.
Mermaids greeting Pirates after a long journey at sea.
They keep the ocean pure and protect their world from beneath the waves.
But I am invisible to them I get to see their world but never will I live in it and I guess that it will be enough for my soul.
So I will watch and love this beautiful world from afar I dare not change a thing about it.
It is perfection in the most natural form. Poem by Shelby Kathleen Nightingale
Up and die he goes
Left for the sea in her eyes
He has it in his
but he never did realize
We never saw sea again
once upon a time I felt
your hand on mine
and I loved you
and you loved me .
my mother always said
that love was a treasure
that pirates tried to take
from peter and wendy
in neverland ;
our love was kind of the same .
always needing guarding .
always needing tender care .
you flew away to be with the mermaids
I stayed to protect the gold .
We are always running
These streets holding us
As we hold hands
Your hand in mine,
We are running
We are running,
Not following anyone
Not following anything
We are unique
We are pioneers heading west
Not chased but willingly chasing the sunset
Where the horizon and the sky meet with a seamless kiss
We are hoping that they arent the only things that love
each other so much they can be together without
leaving a mark
Not tearing or wounding or cutting or finding any cracks
and fault lines, perfectly matched
One falling into the sea
One rising into the clouds
And on and on and on forever
Dripping off the edge of the known world
Who can know our world
Who could have chased us this far
We are alone in the wild
This rushing and running
Running from the streetlights falling away far behind us
Our hands tight like a taut rope from our shipwrecks
We are pulling one another from the depths
Neither an anchor
But both anchored together
Sinking
Sailing
Storming seas of sidewalk puddles and pavement bleeding
together
No edges
No seams
No feet
No legs
No bodies
All running heart first shoulders back, eyes closed
Winds whirling around us
Running not following
Holding not falling
Chasing and ending somewhere in that kiss of sky and sea
Finally finding rest
Wrapped in a peaceful footstep folded-up asphalt blanket of
each others peace and preface
The only unstitched and perfect seam is the horizon that
God wakes up and puts to bed where we find our
heads were tucked in
But our hearts werent allowed to end
(c) Marty Schoenleber III 2012
Amidst floating debris
Here I stand
Not knowing what to say
where to go
Though your spirit drifts right past me
Not yearning to be patched
Knowing what to allay
where to flow
Faith is mythical
as lands devoured by sea,
as griffins and goblins,
in tangled daydreams.
By these muddy shores,
shipwrecks of hope.
treasures and tales,
unheard, untold.
Tyrant needs sustain,
their sadist chains hold
dreamers of blue, and gold.
Placing this blade on my wrist
I don't plan on going deep
Just deep enough to reach
The not so beautiful treasure
I'm the Black Beard on these open wrist
Vast currents of blood
Flowing all too quickly
I'm going just a little deeper
To see what's all down there
Past the ruined shipwreck veins
Just a little deeper
D
E
E
P
E
R
Deeper, still not deep enough
Curiosity dragging me even further under
I can't stop anymore
The ecstasy relief is better than a high
But how do I clean up the mess I made
I'm too weak
Lost too much blood
I still don't regret going
Just a little deeper
Exploring a faceless love
timidity wears the rub
hearts stretched a mile
squirrels tend the pile
a road strewn with streets
gutters bleed peace
a barbecue trains n competes
praying for caught grease
bedridden pirates blow up kisses
the stench irritates and the Mrs.
smiles and bows in the country town
we'd all be dead without our adjective noun
And Ulysses answered, King Alcinous, it is a good thing to hear a
bard with such a divine voice as this man has. There is nothing better
or more delightful than when a whole people make merry together,
with the guests sitting orderly to listen, while the table is loaded
with bread and meats, and the cup-bearer draws wine and fills his
cup for every man. This is indeed as fair a sight as a man can see.
Now, however, since you are inclined to ask the story of my sorrows,
and rekindle my own sad memories in respect of them, I do not know how
to begin, nor yet how to continue and conclude my tale, for the hand
of heaven has been laid heavily upon me.
Firstly, then, I will tell you my name that you too may know it,
and one day, if I outlive this time of sorrow, may become my there
guests though I live so far away from all of you. I am Ulysses son
of Laertes, reknowned among mankind for all manner of subtlety, so
that my fame ascends to heaven. I live in Ithaca, where there is a
high mountain called Neritum, covered with forests; and not far from
it there is a group of islands very near to one anotherDulichium,
Same, and the wooded island of Zacynthus. It lies squat on the
horizon, all highest up in the sea towards the sunset, while the
others lie away from it towards dawn. It is a rugged island, but it
breeds brave men, and my eyes know none that they better love to
look upon. The goddess Calypso kept me with her in her cave, and
wanted me to marry her, as did also the cunning Aeaean goddess
Circe; but they could neither of them persuade me, for there is
nothing dearer to a man than his own country and his parents, and
however splendid a home he may have in a foreign country, if it be far
from father or mother, he does not care about it. Now, however, I will
tell you of the many hazardous adventures which by Joves will I met
with on my return from Troy.
When I had set sail thence the wind took me first to Ismarus, which
is the city of the Cicons. There I sacked the town and put the
people to the sword. We took their wives and also much booty, which we
divided equitably amongst us, so that none might have reason to
complain. I then said that we had better make off at once, but my
men very foolishly would not obey me, so they stayed there drinking
much wine and killing great numbers of sheep and oxen on the sea
shore. Meanwhile the Cicons cried out for help to other Cicons who
lived inland. These were more in number, and stronger, and they were
more skilled in the art of war, for they could fight, either from
chariots or on foot as the occasion served; in the morning, therefore,
they came as thick as leaves and bloom in summer, and the hand of
heaven was against us, so that we were hard pressed. They set the
battle in array near the ships, and the hosts aimed their
bronze-shod spears at one another. So long as the day waxed and it was
still morning, we held our own against them, though they were more
in number than we; but as the sun went down, towards the time when men
loose their oxen, the Cicons got the better of us, and we lost half
a dozen men from every ship we had; so we got away with those that
were left.
Thence we sailed onward with sorrow in our hearts, but glad to have
escaped death though we had lost our comrades, nor did we leave till
we had thrice invoked each one of the poor fellows who had perished by
the hands of the Cicons. Then Jove raised the North wind against us
till it blew a hurricane, so that land and sky were hidden in thick
clouds, and night sprang forth out of the heavens. We let the ships
run before the gale, but the force of the wind tore our sails to
tatters, so we took them down for fear of shipwreck, and rowed our
hardest towards the land. There we lay two days and two nights
suffering much alike from toil and distress of mind, but on the
morning of the third day we again raised our masts, set sail, and took
our places, letting the wind and steersmen direct our ship. I should
have got home at that time unharmed had not the North wind and the
currents been against me as I was doubling Cape Malea, and set me
off my course hard by the island of Cythera.
I was driven thence by foul winds for a space of nine days upon the
sea, but on the tenth day we reached the land of the Lotus-eater,
who live on a food that comes from a kind of flower. Here we landed to
take in fresh water, and our crews got their mid-day meal on the shore
near the ships. When they had eaten and drunk I sent two of my company
to see what manner of men the people of the place might be, and they
had a third man under them. They started at once, and went about among
the Lotus-eaters, who did them no hurt, but gave them to eat of the
lotus, which was so delicious that those who ate of it left off caring
about home, and did not even want to go back and say what had happened
to them, but were for staying and munching lotus with the
Lotus-eater without thinking further of their return; nevertheless,
though they wept bitterly I forced them back to the ships and made
them fast under the benches. Then I told the rest to go on board at
once, lest any of them should taste of the lotus and leave off wanting
to get home, so they took their places and smote the grey sea with
their oars.
We sailed hence, always in much distress, till we came to the
land of the lawless and inhuman Cyclopes. Now the Cyclopes neither
plant nor plough, but trust in providence, and live on such wheat,
barley, and grapes as grow wild without any kind of tillage, and their
wild grapes yield them wine as the sun and the rain may grow them.
They have no laws nor assemblies of the people, but live in caves on
the tops of high mountains; each is lord and master in his family, and
they take no account of their neighbours.
Now off their harbour there lies a wooded and fertile island not
quite close to the land of the Cyclopes, but still not far. It is
overrun with wild goats, that breed there in great numbers and are
never disturbed by foot of man; for sportsmenwho as a rule will
suffer so much hardship in forest or among mountain precipicesdo not
go there, nor yet again is it ever ploughed or fed down, but it lies a
wilderness untilled and unsown from year to year, and has no living
thing upon it but only goats. For the Cyclopes have no ships, nor
yet shipwrights who could make ships for them; they cannot therefore
go from city to city, or sail over the sea to one anothers country as
people who have ships can do; if they had had these they would have
colonized the island, for it is a very good one, and would yield
everything in due season. There are meadows that in some places come
right down to the sea shore, well watered and full of luscious
grass; grapes would do there excellently; there is level land for
ploughing, and it would always yield heavily at harvest time, for
the soil is deep. There is a good harbour where no cables are
wanted, nor yet anchors, nor need a ship be moored, but all one has to
do is to beach ones vessel and stay there till the wind becomes
fair for putting out to sea again. At the head of the harbour there is
a spring of clear water coming out of a cave, and there are poplars
growing all round it.
Here we entered, but so dark was the night that some god must
have brought us in, for there was nothing whatever to be seen. A thick
mist hung all round our ships; the moon was hidden behind a mass of
clouds so that no one could have seen the island if he had looked
for it, nor were there any breakers to tell us we were close in
shore before we found ourselves upon the land itself; when, however,
we had beached the ships, we took down the sails, went ashore and
camped upon the beach till daybreak.
When the child of morning, rosy-fingered Dawn, appeared, we admired
the island and wandered all over it, while the nymphs Joves daughters
roused the wild goats that we might get some meat for our dinner. On
this we fetched our spears and bows and arrows from the ships, and
dividing ourselves into three bands began to shoot the goats. Heaven
sent us excellent sport; I had twelve ships with me, and each ship got
nine goats, while my own ship had ten; thus through the livelong day
to the going down of the sun we ate and drank our fill,and we had
plenty of wine left, for each one of us had taken many jars full
when we sacked the city of the Cicons, and this had not yet run out.
While we were feasting we kept turning our eyes towards the land of
the Cyclopes, which was hard by, and saw the smoke of their stubble
fires. We could almost fancy we heard their voices and the bleating of
their sheep and goats, but when the sun went down and it came on dark,
we camped down upon the beach, and next morning I called a council.
Stay here, my brave fellows, said I, all the rest of you,
while I go with my ship and exploit these people myself: I want to see
if they are uncivilized savages, or a hospitable and humane race.
I went on board, bidding my men to do so also and loose the
hawsers; so they took their places and smote the grey sea with their
oars. When we got to the land, which was not far, there, on the face
of a cliff near the sea, we saw a great cave overhung with laurels. It
was a station for a great many sheep and goats, and outside there
was a large yard, with a high wall round it made of stones built
into the ground and of trees both pine and oak. This was the abode
of a huge monster who was then away from home shepherding his
flocks. He would have nothing to do with other people, but led the
life of an outlaw. He was a horrid creature, not like a human being at
all, but resembling rather some crag that stands out boldly against
the sky on the top of a high mountain.
I told my men to draw the ship ashore, and stay where they were,
all but the twelve best among them, who were to go along with
myself. I also took a goatskin of sweet black wine which had been
given me by Maron, Apollo son of Euanthes, who was priest of Apollo
the patron god of Ismarus, and lived within the wooded precincts of
the temple. When we were sacking the city we respected him, and spared
his life, as also his wife and child; so he made me some presents of
great valueseven talents of fine gold, and a bowl of silver, with
twelve jars of sweet wine, unblended, and of the most exquisite
flavour. Not a man nor maid in the house knew about it, but only
himself, his wife, and one housekeeper: when he drank it he mixed
twenty parts of water to one of wine, and yet the fragrance from the
mixing-bowl was so exquisite that it was impossible to refrain from
drinking. I filled a large skin with this wine, and took a wallet full
of provisions with me, for my mind misgave me that I might have to
deal with some savage who would be of great strength, and would
respect neither right nor law.
We soon reached his cave, but he was out shepherding, so we went
inside and took stock of all that we could see. His cheese-racks
were loaded with cheeses, and he had more lambs and kids than his pens
could hold. They were kept in separate flocks; first there were the
hoggets, then the oldest of the younger lambs and lastly the very
young ones all kept apart from one another; as for his dairy, all
the vessels, bowls, and milk pails into which he milked, were swimming
with whey. When they saw all this, my men begged me to let them
first steal some cheeses, and make off with them to the ship; they
would then return, drive down the lambs and kids, put them on board
and sail away with them. It would have been indeed better if we had
done so but I would not listen to them, for I wanted to see the
owner himself, in the hope that he might give me a present. When,
however, we saw him my poor men found him ill to deal with.
We lit a fire, offered some of the cheeses in sacrifice, ate others
of them, and then sat waiting till the Cyclops should come in with his
sheep. When he came, he brought in with him a huge load of dry
firewood to light the fire for his supper, and this he flung with such
a noise on to the floor of his cave that we hid ourselves for fear
at the far end of the cavern. Meanwhile he drove all the ewes
inside, as well as the she-goats that he was going to milk, leaving
the males, both rams and he-goats, outside in the yards. Then he
rolled a huge stone to the mouth of the caveso huge that two and
twenty strong four-wheeled waggons would not be enough to draw it from
its place against the doorway. When he had so done he sat down and
milked his ewes and goats, all in due course, and then let each of
them have her own young. He curdled half the milk and set it aside
in wicker strainers, but the other half he poured into bowls that he
might drink it for his supper. When he had got through with all his
work, he lit the fire, and then caught sight of us, whereon he said:
Strangers, who are you? Where do sail from? Are you traders, or do
you sail the as rovers, with your hands against every man, and every
mans hand against you?
We were frightened out of our senses by his loud voice and
monstrous form, but I managed to say, We are Achaeans on our way home
from Troy, but by the will of Jove, and stress of weather, we have
been driven far out of our course. We are the people of Agamemnon, son
of Atreus, who has won infinite renown throughout the whole world,
by sacking so great a city and killing so many people. We therefore
humbly pray you to show us some hospitality, and otherwise make us
such presents as visitors may reasonably expect. May your excellency
fear the wrath of heaven, for we are your suppliants, and Jove takes
all respectable travellers under his protection, for he is the avenger
of all suppliants and foreigners in distress.
To this he gave me but a pitiless answer, Stranger, said he, you
are a fool, or else you know nothing of this country. Talk to me,
indeed, about fearing the gods or shunning their anger? We Cyclopes do
not care about Jove or any of your blessed gods, for we are ever so
much stronger than they. I shall not spare either yourself or your
companions out of any regard for Jove, unless I am in the humour for
doing so. And now tell me where you made your ship fast when you
came on shore. Was it round the point, or is she lying straight off
the land?
He said this to draw me out, but I was too cunning to be caught
in that way, so I answered with a lie; Neptune, said I, sent my
ship on to the rocks at the far end of your country, and wrecked it.
We were driven on to them from the open sea, but I and those who are
with me escaped the jaws of death.
The cruel wretch vouchsafed me not one word of answer, but with a
sudden clutch he gripped up two of my men at once and dashed them down
upon the ground as though they had been puppies. Their brains were
shed upon the ground, and the earth was wet with their blood. Then
he tore them limb from limb and supped upon them. He gobbled them up
like a lion in the wilderness, flesh, bones, marrow, and entrails,
without leaving anything uneaten. As for us, we wept and lifted up our
hands to heaven on seeing such a horrid sight, for we did not know
what else to do; but when the Cyclops had filled his huge paunch,
and had washed down his meal of human flesh with a drink of neat milk,
he stretched himself full length upon the ground among his sheep,
and went to sleep. I was at first inclined to seize my sword, draw it,
and drive it into his vitals, but I reflected that if I did we
should all certainly be lost, for we should never be able to shift the
stone which the monster had put in front of the door. So we stayed
sobbing and sighing where we were till morning came.
When the child of morning, rosy-fingered Dawn, appeared, he again
lit his fire, milked his goats and ewes, all quite rightly, and then
let each have her own young one; as soon as he had got through with
all his work, he clutched up two more of my men, and began eating them
for his mornings meal. Presently, with the utmost ease, he rolled the
stone away from the door and drove out his sheep, but he at once put
it back againas easily as though he were merely clapping the lid
on to a
Eye know "we" got THIS
eye never wanna Miss
"us" having THIS

KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
I pulled myself from the gallows, dont you ever forget
I pulled myself from the grave, even if I dug it in the first place
What demons I couldnt pull from my chest,
I choked with a leash until they became mine
No, Im no demon, but Ill be damned if Im pulled beneath the ground again
And if I must stay alive and be damned, well, we all make sacrifices
And sometimes that means yourself
If I must live scarred, it will be my own wounds from here on out
I bled too much for others, paid for too many of their sins
Now I only bleed for those who did for me
Its a dangerous pact, but rightfully so,
In a world so infested with back stabbers, face crawlers, and pirates
Thems fightin words!
Well I rehearsed it the other way a thousand ways,
And they booed me off the stage for being too nice
Thus Frankenstein rises again
the Fourth Act of the living dead
A chorus of dead organs with the brain of a monster
With only a gifted few who know the tune to his heart
Hold your love close, cover it in cold iron
All I ever wanted was to be a lover
But youve never let me stop fighting
Long enough to heal my face, or ice my knuckles
One battle after another, sometimes simply to stay alive
And no fight was ever good enough
No amount of blood enough to allow peaceful passage
No amount of tragedy enough for a break
So now Im most at peace, when the battle rages around me
Well fine, let the drums sound and the bells chime
Im better when Im unhappy, its welcoming
Tragedy comforting like a warm blanket
My blood boils at the sight of danger
My brain runs on auto pilot when shit hits the fan
I guess Im just happier when Im angry
Thats not unhealthy is it?
When I die, will they say He died unhappy and thus,
He died doing what he loved?
Nah, theyll just make my end a tragedy too.
Say they did everything they could
Or he was a monster, not much left of him
Or that they never saw it coming.
That I was the one that didnt belong
Maybe I never wanted to.
I sure as Hell don't now.
The pirates were dressed partly to look as the seamen.
They wore baggy breeches, stockings, hairy hats with initials,
Thigh-length shirts; but also waistcoats and sashes wore these men.
The sash was draped over one shoulder to carry the pistols.
The color of their clothes was chosen to match the color
Of the sea lessening the chances of being seen by
Their enemies; this kind of uniforms looked much duller
Than the sea color; the prisoners started to learn to die.
They understood that they could suffer of starvation.
Each one received a quarter cup of dried bread crumbs and two pints
Of water all day long; while thinking that there is no salvation,
The pirates were drinking rum and dancing their strong knee joints.
When they were gambling for handfuls of gold and precious stones,
They were singing songs about mermaids or beautiful women,
And about some past victories to allay the victims' moans.
Two pirates came with liquor sharing it equally when
Others came with a lot of money and jewelry found
On the ship to divide them equally to all, except
Their captain and his quartermaster, who took a big mound.
They started to renew the oath they had always kept.
Then, they exclaimed 'Liberty, Equality, Fraternity, '
While hoisting two flags, one red, and the other one having
A skull and two crossbones. ''Don't you need a pinch of dignity? ''
Frederick screamed, you will end in jail!  ''Sure, '' said one of them laughing.
The nations control only small zones of the seas, so
There are no laws when we're sailing on the wild waters.
One of them said, Look, man, we are necessary; don't you know
That we're guards to stop you when with weapons you cross the borders? ''
Freddy replied, you know its a stupid lie;  one pirate
Pulled out one of his fingernails with a plier. '' I will
Make you walk the plank, '' he told Frederick, 'It's your cruel fate.''
''Captain, to sell the slaves at good prices, you have the skill! ''
While living in the misery, the prisoners had to face
A grinding nightmare; Freddy wanted to give them some moral
Support but he wasn't allowed to talk with them; in disgrace
They received small amounts of food; Miguel whispered, '' Don't quarrel! ''
Arturo has died because he couldnt take the stress
While thinking that Francesca must follow Lucca in death.
One pirate grabbed Francesca's hand while needing to possess.
With a hellish smile, he approached her to smell her honeyed breath.
He told her, '' Look, Im a good guy; I give you time to think.
Francesca fainted. He left her telling all the pirates
No one may touch her.; tomorrow, she will marry me at the dawn's pink.''
They heard a huge sound and they realized they are in dire straits.
(After buying a house in Prinylas, Geraldine, Maya, Carla, Erica, Surak, and Fargo spent their night in silence. In the morning, Fargo and Maya went to bring the priest and everything was necessary for the funerals. Fargo told Geraldine that he had left the piracy in order to live a normal life. He said that he was afraid that much worse than the prisoners' death was to be found in Prinylas. He wanted to do everything he had to do very quickly.)
After Bella's funerals, Fargo told Geraldine,
'I must convince the army to go there to put them down.
I'll buy a galley for Frederick on which my name will shine.
I take a part of the treasure to go to Corfu Town.''
(To be continued...)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
For a while now, I've had a thought swimming alongside my awareness, a fin cutting the water as I wait for it to save or kill me. Dolphin or shark? It came near enough for me to make out its shape recently.
Kill or save? I know at least that it wasn't a fat guy with a prank fin and a snorkel. It closed on me and I realized what is most painfully missing.
When I am touched, it is simply that.
Dreamlike, my finned pursuer still refused to reveal its whole shape to me, and instead became the emotive image of a hand lovingly reaching for my face.
That small act of love is gone.
It means so much to me, that tenderness, that I ruined the last ship I sailed. I tore every beam apart in my search for what was just a three-legged spider deep in her darkest corner. So I burned down the good ship Treble and used the remains to float away.
I drifted to an atoll and chose a meek sandbar. It would certainly do, what better place to spend my remaining balance of time?
The breezes whispered and wouldn't stop.
Tides eroded and regrew my sandbar until the even rhythm became inherently strange. So steady.
Evenly, unknown, eternity.
When the bottle washed up, I jealously guarded it from the sandbar. I should not have called the sandbar Wilson.
Apparently Wilson controlled the weather.
Several gales and at least one hurricane punished my foolish hide. But the bottles kept coming, encouraged by the raging.
Shortly after, I learned to surf.
Well, I wasn't good at it. And Wilson didn't approve. It only took a little inclementation to sweep me away. If Wilson did control the weather, she must have been exhausted by then.
What a flimsy board.
It was my shield, held wearily up against the hungry ocean. Before my encounter with the amorphous beast, I was just drifting, again, unsure what quixotic urge took me so far.
And then the fin arrived.
Kill or save?
Yesterday,
I could have sworn
that I could live out
the rest
of
my
days
in peace;
content
with knowing
that youd be
able to fulfill
everything
that you ever
wanted in life,
even without me.
Right now,
Im a wreckage;
another
shipwrecked,
abandoned,
forgotten
remainder
of a love
that
someone just
couldnt take.
And it kills
me more inside
than I would
ever
dare to admit;
how,
even after
everything
weve
been
through,
I still wasnt enough.
I still wasnt the person
anyone would choose.
I still wasnt the person
anyone would fight for.
I still wasnt the person
who youd love
and want
to stay with.
You were the tactless happenstance
I had the favor to stumble upon.
So lost in clouds of judgment and secrets,
That you forgot yourself.
You are the ocean,
So different in each of the four directions.
I was swept away,
By the one that mattered least.
Turned me into a shipwreck,
Uncovering my deepest secrets.
You saw my fateful dissolution
As a priceless treasure.
Now that Im useless and shattered
You flung me back to shore, away from you,
In your final tsunami,
Your tsunami of thrills, masks, deceptions
Your tsunami of lies.
we're just as superstitious as our ancestors, we create fiction from superstition, we get the hots for haunted houses, the black dot on the bible like pirates... it's just these day, a person finding a 20 banknote would get superstitious about buying 20 lottery tickets with it, rather than a bottle of whiskey... and yes, our story-telling skills have diminished, it's more like dietary regimes these days... we pushed subjectivity so far down the drain that we're not telling stories anymore, we're simply regurgitating objectivity, facts after facts... less talk about surviving a tornado twirl and expressing the excitement from surviving such an event, and more: next! pocket that story, box it with the bar-code: adrenaline junkie... we're not story-tellers anymore, we're on the verge of losing all plots... being exposed to polished narrations of Hollywood (hardly the case of being worried about doppelgangers, that was obvious in the 20th century) - as said: we like being bombarded with facts, we've stopped claiming narration for a commuting drive... we are the encyclopedia ~generation... well, we're way past being defined as a generational phenomenon... hence the quiz shows...we started to hate the excitement of the subjective perspective, the parts were "we will never know", jealousy on this scale really killed it off... we weren't there, therefore it's untrue... coupled with this objectivity of: none of us were there, therefore it must be true... plate up ladies and gents! we're once more reduced to regurgitating facts, we're actually forced to regurgitate facts, we have no chance to score with emotions or personal thoughts... people only want to hear objective realities of our lives... we want uniform coherence like under Uncle Stalin... no deviation... none! i wonder what story will come from all this objectification... the usual, current affairs story, i blame feminism partly for this... the objectification of women lessened, and in came the objectification of everything else, as feminism has done, shoving its nose into everything from philosophy to history simply on the basis of numbers, and as to why there aren't enough women here, and not enough women there... my mother is a housewife... my father comes home with a satisfaction that at least one member of the family will not be stressed... add a second partner with stress and career ambitions and fairy-tales, and that's a house on sand-dunes... personally i wouldn't want to marry in any case... plus, feminism doesn't encourage the house-husband idea that Sweden has adopted... well... you'd think that the idea of househusbands would take off once feminism took off... apparently it didn't.<em>
Darwinism is at odds with pop culture, i see these people
striving for fame like they might be buying penny sweets
in their hundreds, and what i find surprising
is that so much fame is being dished out,
me, jealous? yesterday i found
a twenty quid banknote on the street,
today i bought four beers and a bottle of Grant's
whiskey and i felt that: i owned the world -
yes indeed, a circus act - that's usurping
style of the khaki stormtrooper uniform...
a colon is also emphasis, without the italics...
it's not about grocery lists...
so many writers out there who put
the labouring over punctuation to others...
so many dyslexic still passing through...
mate... if you and me were sperm... you'd
be tissue paper material, no, not even a condom
blockage waiting for the plumber...
or the asshole that sold condoms puncturing them
with needles for excess success rates of impregnation...
see, i peel the skin off, imitating Abraham's
madness at the excess, and cockerel
the cunt like sunrise... all *sheered</em>;
then i put the skin back on... so much for improvements
that desired God's approval... might as well
cut off all the cartilage: nose, ears, nails
(i swear they share the same category... oh wait...
nails and hair... well, n'eh bother, cut the rest off
until you enter the realm of plastic surgery).
so yeah, Darwinism is really the guillotine at
the moment, see them, watch the shepherds herding
them, they created something a Marxist would
never <em>ever</em> understand... the fame class system...
not some rebellion of strong idiots
working the plough field fighting noblemen bored
in their salons with orgy-sex their only
exercise and solution to the boredom of a busy world,
mind being in such a world...
or do as i do... half of scotch through...
second jazz record playing in the background...
jazz doesn't translate into headphones,
you need the space...
what worries me is its trans-generational absence...
jazz is the classical music thanks to slavery,
it would never have been born in Africa,
forget it... but it bothers me it wasn't manicured,
kept pristine like some Renaissance painting...
it quickly morphed into Eminem and Vanilla Ice
and all that rap that wrapped it up...
fair enough, i can give credit to <em>joshua redman</em>
and his <em>back east</em>... but that's about it...
so as i sit sipping my Mississippi scotch of whiskey
and cola, having listened to
<em>sonny rollins'</em> ballads, i'm onto <em>kenny burrel's</em>
midnight blue... it's the sort of high culture
that's easy to cultivate... but i'm not the man you
want to revisit the Beat Movement chemistry,
i care very little to talk over the jazz with my poetry...
no wonder talking over classical music ever worked,
hence i contend to parallel myself with Bukowski
in that respect.. i shut up and write,
imagine myself on the Faroe Islands, very far
from what makes me uncomfortable,
the nearest thing to Eden, some remote place,
a village of 20 people where everyone knows
how long they take to a shit and at what hours
(given there's only one toilet) - and yes, the brackets
are also useful to make an emphasis, so <em>example</em>, : and ( )
all combine pretty well.
but they really are losing a one-sided battle,
given historical Darwinism, excluding our modern
perks to get into the raw caveman antics
it can be sometimes very demeaning to consider
both attitudes, simultaneously or correspond or even
excusing our modernity with intrinsic sushi (the rawness
that breeds no home comforts) -
and given the whole popularity culture...
you expect people to remember anything in
the next 100 years? the opening of a century is never
going to be enough to allow for that century's momentum...
i might be living in the 21st century, but all
my influences are bound to the 20th...
and that's where i'll remain, a beggar with a rich man's
vault of compact disks... clutter and a library...
unable to reread the books i've read (unless in snippets)...
like that tale of Neoplatonism and Plotinus
and that relationship with Christianity, but the job
that Nietzsche put in to criticise it came short of
what the actual religion did to itself, the archaeology proof
destined at Egypt, finding works there and not
in Israel along with the Dead Sea Scrolls...
fascinating how they cut Isaiah in half and the historian
Josephus placing the innovator of the Sermon
during Nero's reign, and how Nero is the first reference
to the 666... well, you know, once you zero out the preceding
years, and start again... telling the time will hardly
matter whether b.c. or a.d. - what with Darwinism
and the big bang, the Copernican west... well the Copernican
"west" - what a crazy carousel - get me off!
and indeed, with certain words...
we have encoded approximations to what each words
denotes... the brightest gem in the vault is
<em>Hades</em>... you don't say it as Ha A.D.H.D. -
you say <em>hay</em> and then you say <em>dees</em>, like bees -
yes, whether the d is a below the equator
and is summer in december, or whether b is above
the equator and is summer in july...
so you encode Hades but actually say: hay-d-and-many-e's -
still can't figure out how to denote a plurality of
letters with the punctuation marks given by English...
at present i'm using the inadequate possessive article
route - Peter's, Mark's, the mountain's...
the article goes off radar when there's plurality
in the thing ascribed possession: mountains' heights...
hay-d-and-many-eeeeeeeeeeeee? get the picture?
or hay-d-and-ease - baffling language,
i feel like some aboriginal looking at it from Ayers Rock
going: kangaroo the fuck and didgeridoo?
no wonder the tetragrammaton is the tool to decipher
this phonetic encoding... there are too many chiral
symmetries in this tongue.
so again... i don't know why poets don't bother
to repeat themselves, on what they first concentrated on,
like the many water lilies by Monet,
or the self-portraits from varying angles...
or how modern fame, in concept, condemned itself
to c.c.t.v. and a brick wall as to how history is
experienced with mainstream Darwinism...
how quickly the guillotine chops the head off,
the finicky base for democratic applause...
and how in 100 years people might wonder:
well, Plato ain't going to be usurped, Plato will be
treated with the same faithful bias
as a blank blackboard, the established norm...
(that's all e.g. to say, it's not necessarily the
acceptance of such a norm) -
we'll still be ushered to normality by starting
from either the bleak big bang, led to an even bleaker
and bigger bonk... or we'll be cavemen admiring viral
infections - and fame and aspiration to attain
it will truly become bleak... for in these days
fame isn't competing for being remembered...
it's competing for being seen, again the c.c.t.v. model...
and given our overexposure to datums (the Oxford
authority is a bit slow to recognise that... well,
unless of course the same meaning can be achieved
with the word <em>data</em>... unnecessarily datii?),
advertisement being only one such source...
and would i consider the self to be an illusion?
i'd consider it on equal footing with  = 3.14159...
a piece of information, not to the fullest extent
a delusion... meaning i wouldn't discredit it completely,
given that so many people fall for it's existence
when plagiarism tempts us to swing with it...
and that there's the private, the public, the showcased
use of it... but it's still so bloody annoying
to have the lazy crew use the northern barbaric
reference to that pronoun and discredit it by treating
it as merely a useful prefix for compounding words
together to express automaton behaviours, and to have
to lie back on the psychoanalytical sofa and have to
deal with the atom of: ego, superego and id...
(neutron, proton and
the many that that that/ its its its -
the id is actually a scalpel in psychiatry - the cursor or
vector or quiet simply as stated already, scalpel,
incision maker -
the superego? also known as moralising
Nietzsche's bermensch - <em>nein! klein Adolf
kann nicht spielen mit du heute</em>);
well... might as well enjoy being trapped in
the stone ages from now on... because in between the cavemen
and ourselves, our contemporaries just called them
idiots (most notably the journalists) -
yep... only idiots separating us from caveman...
i must be double the idiot of wishing to be back
in the Dumas' France, or at the height of the Polish-Lithuanian
Commonwealth, when the Poles, second only to
the Mongols held Moscow.
i see your feet
like little ships
sailing with the wind
anchored here
but sails still taut
escaping to the sea
strip not your sails
rip not the anchor
from the deep breadths
of the turquoise sea
for in your travels
surely you'll find
a wave you cannot sail
and lost will you be
in the sea of your own choosing
the rescue ships sent to seek
the promise from your lips
send the bottle
send your sails
back to flourishing shores
Staring at this glass I'm holding in my hand
I wonder why they serve it with a plastic little pirate sword
and a storm starts brewing in the sky, up above-
CRACK like a lightening bolt from in the sky, up above
...up above.
Sword in hand I am the captain here of my ship,
staring at my drink I see the waves that break upon the rocks
I see new horizons every time i'm turning keel
and every time I'm turnin I see new sunsets a'burnin
...sunsets are burning.
Bounce off the rocks for a drink or two, all night through,
not really sure where I'm going to, don't have a clue,
-maybe I'll find a way...
-hey, bartender, mister Poseidon now,
the tide's gone out,
I've beached my ship.
and when I look around I see this ain't the place I wanna be.
So top me up
and set my sails,
I know you know that I just want to be free.
Sword in hand I am the captain here of my ship,
it's not called drinking when you're sailing to another land.
No no, thank you, I've never used a crew before
and I'll drift like this for days if I need to.
And I need to.
A personable person propogated passion
Beneath my heavy heart
Alas, cried the caterpillar
You are not dead!
Though I have spent hours molesting your windowsill
Rapeseed!
Huckleberry!
Gingerbread Pie!
All these things and more have I maliciously misunderstood
But the lies of the soothsayer are frequently true
They are passionate pomegranates from me to you
The obelisks of oppression overpower your heartstrings
And there's nothing you can do
My villain!
My thief!
The princess of my misery!
The fiery orb and the blasphemous pirates!
Staring at your shoulders I see only my reflection
Turning on your heel my eyelids sparkle and linger at your doorstep
It's Goliath's head
Salmon and bread
Those deathly ideas which you purposely said
Tic tac guru
Just what is he to you?
And which of my words have you read?
It takes all my resources
To see life
As the opening night
Of a brief run.
It's hard to keep on script,
To act normally,
As I've done,
For now.
Got good and not so good memories,
Got the present to keep up,
And got the non-events
Of the future ahead;
Then... what?
It's not like the movies,
Or the kid being hurled
Through the windshield.
I'm no longer a spectator.
I won't be talking about it;
The media will report
A well-turned condolence:
<strong><em>A fine parent, child and sibling.
Dedicated teacher and friend.
We would like to extend our sympathies.
Sorry for you troubles.</em></strong>
Troubles!
I'll have none of that.
That's for survivors,
(As If I were a
Shipwreck
Or reality show).
Well, I didn't.
Did well for a brief time:
Good job, spouse, kids,
Collected a few pensions
Lived middle class with
The occasional splurge.
Stones only have
Limited space,
And I've already said
Too much.
Then pre-existent consciousness
Prevails,
And I am back to where I began:
It takes all my resources
To see life
As the opening act
Of a brief run.
It's modest and long,
Beautiful and old,
An off-white antique
From a love story that didn't end well
The first time around -
My mother's wedding dress,
Now mine.
She says, with tears in her eyes,
That it makes me look like
A flower-crowned faerie ready to wed
The pirate of her dreams.
skipping stones across the water
walking beside the ocean's daughter
listening to nature as she sings
taking in the rapture that living brings<strong>

<em>Thoughts that she
cannot unthink;
a life that she
cannot unlive.</em>
</strong>Dreams she has yet to live
and a soul full of fire
looking under every stone
seeking her heart's desire<strong>
<em>Afraid to see whats underneath.
We stay to the surface
afraid of the ghostly deep,
for there are shipwrecks</em>
</strong>What lurks beneath at fathoms deep
will not disturb a good nights sleep
for as long as we can stay afloat
courage shall be our own lifeboat<strong>

<em>But skipping stones eventually fall
To depths they haven't ventured yet
but, that's when life begins to be lived
when we reach deeper depth</em>

</strong>Skipping stones across my mind
like those lucid dreams we hope to find
but in the end we are not alone
having reached the shore with that lucky stone<em>*
</em>Happiness is a skipping stone
sometimes it seems as though the cars
passing my street won't drive quickly enough,
and that the strands of christmas lights
aren't strong enough to support my weight.
so for now i'll settle for forgetting to look both ways,
and perhaps later, i will invest in some sturdier rope,
all the better to scale my own cliffs of despair,
and face off with the spanish swordsman
reclining on the tip of my tongue,
matching rapier in (<em>left</em>)hand.
if victory finds its way to me, i'll continue to confound
in meeting the brute within, he who pounds boulders,
whose heart is like tourmaline in a granite casing,
and who claws at pristine arms in convulsion.
if i am once again triumphant, i shall travel further,
and face the shards of wit cutting through my irises,
except i am not as the dread pirate, the man in black,
i am vulnerable, i have no resistance, i am broken down
as easily as i am built up, and it is truly a gamble.
if, by some miraculous stroke of good fortune, i continue further,
i shall be disappointed, for at the end of the trials lies tribulation,
no flower princess for me, no blindfolded beauty,
only that damn noose of christmas lights again,
suspended from a macabre and rickety structure
seemingly crafted from the same material as the road to hell,
destination identical.
Needlepoint threadbare caucus with an instant Kodak box camera filled nitrite
Like the sun-kissed barely lit beaches over Normandy
Stormed into the kitchen with a missile and an avalanche to overpower the pirates
With their long-forgotten and ill begotten flagship armada
The flowers hang low and the nooses lower with ever-present danger of going over
The needle hits skin puncture left right down touch your toes uplift like the cross
Arms hung low over the alabaster sky with a long trench-coat and wary eyes
Cloud cover start to blow the cover and touch the roller coaster coffee cup sitting
With an eye to the glass and the telescope lens flare catch like the door latch
Down to the basement with the worn out sofa sit alone like the bedraggled soldier
With his dog tags hanging like a sign of the times down to where his feet locked
To the floor in an instant with the bombshells all around and a seductive twist
The ring and fling the pin out count down begins to the gravity shift consciousness
Like the cancer patient under the knife the tumors removed the chemo begun
With the bulb burning down over a hospital bedside and the white sheets lingering
Smell of a machine gone bad turned tail like the redcoats running down the chute
With the mail to the end of the day the laundrys out to dry on the steel clothesline
Their bolt cutters damage the elderly couple hanging from the tree with the cymbal
Underneath like the gong of the undertaker the dams release
The water runs down to cleanse the disease and carries the pathogens to find their caprice and restraint held back on the man in the chair with vacant eyes and half
Muttered prayers to an unknown God with long white beard
Sitting alone under a payphone like the cold-dead wires of a long gone bee hive
Mind pictures play off the words on my tongue like an over-told rhyme
The nursery songs and bells and whistles come together to form an indignant sound
Like the steel clap trap of the boot black against the pale white walls of the by-gone
Era with a viscosity of ancient monolithic capacity
Sourdough rising like the falling red sun over the horizon sit and contemplate the weather-worn-battle-torn visage of man remembered yet never met
Till death and earth turn and burn in the ascending light of the pale moon
Wolf-howl over the distant city lights like the mournful wail of a banished soul
Away from home for ever so long with a comb to the palace in the heart of the beast
It sings for summer and faraway places of the corporeal magic in an elemental fashion show sip the martini glasses chink and break and shatter like popcorn
In the kettle boil over the levee let it sink down into the visage of a man in the underground coat around the tails of the whipped dogs running like hell.
Will it ever truly be
Overboard? In my head?
Probably not
But surely in this vessel
I see the ships sails
They are a different color
Then when I was aboard
They've set new course.
Brash pirates of the mortal liquid
Banding themselves with inebriation
Been aboard I have
And in this life
Never again
When the fog clears
And the wreckage settles
I will gather the pieces
I am on my course
And my compass
Points true north
The simplicity of emotion.
Everything is amazing because of it.
My feelings paint the world around me,
Shining itself back into my heart.
God is within me, and air is around me,
Light is above me in thousands of stars,
Shining like diamonds, the trees and the shadows,
Windows on houses and cars.
The people are brilliant,
Their souls are a fiery stone existence.
The hearth of a lifetime.
Warming and fluid.
Living around me, keeping me home.
Cologne Malone' writes alone on a tome,
His freestyle fame and his hope on the stone.
The seeping sadness of broken beliefs.
The need for a person, the need for the seas.
A simple emotion.
Drawing me here.
The present, the past, the future, the tears.
Sinking one liners like a pirates ship.
Treasure on the beaches of the island of Skip.
Now picture this... I communed with chaos and conjured up an ancient conquistador by the name of Quetzalcoatl. He called me a chickenshit coward before grabbing me by my cranial consciousness container; and with a chiropractic crack, just like that, my chakras connected and I channeled the grizzled ghost of Ol' Ronnie Reagan. He gurgled a Hello and grumbled Just Say No ... Did you know my Nancy fancied fucktarded fantasies, or that she believed in batshit lunacy like astrology and necromancy?" Bitch better know, it's bros before hoes cuz this ghost with the most is about to get gangsta with my nigga Miki-G... "Yo, Gorbachev, you old goblin goat, wipe off that shit stain on your head and tear down that muthafuckin' wall. After guzzling a gallon of vodka Putin pissed in, he gave Ol Ron a wink with a glowing goat eye of iris framed rectangle dark... lowering his headgear he ran slowly while singing a slurred pinko polka rendition of possibly a Pussy Riot song. The chorus went something like "Buttfuck the Bolsheviks with 11 inch strap-on dicks" to which Ronnie replied, Ewe can dew it to Nancy too!, as his horns hit cement setting off the biggest supernova block party this side of the galaxy. When the dust settled, everybody was gone and all was right with the quarks and the gluons. The quasars aligned and spun in a symmetrical dance inducing this trance that gave me the vision of which you are reading and the bliss about to unfold here on the shores of Chteau de Event Horizon, my own private island. As I watch the goblin goats manufactured from the genes of Gorbachev graze the galactic grassy knoll, Im soon seduced by the song of a sidereal siren... <em>KA-BLAM</em> a goddamn shipwreck I endure. When I came to, at the end of my rescue, by whom I suspect to be the same starry-eyed saboteur. She whispers somniferously that to be saved I must partake in her hedonist holy communion. Drink this neutron star wine in remembrance of my taste, distilled from grapes grown on gamma ray vines representing the lust-laced blood of salvation. I, a blissom blind bavian obviously, find myself beneath an altar awaiting with bated breath and baculus bomb, bewitched by this bathykolpian beauty of absolute perfection, its made clear from my enormous erection that Im eager to worship betwixt her exquisite bombosity. I come to you er... and on you... with this sacrificial offering of byssus bondage and baptismal borborology... but before I implore... first, hit this baetyl of brume and breathe in a Big Bang bong hit of some killer cosmic kush grown on Kepler 452. Kinbaku?
What if I were to bind you up with a sash? Byssus bound with blindfold, and belayed beautifully as can be. Blissom confinement is liberating when not meant to abash. Bestowing to you a masterpiece in bondage, a most exquisite ligatured apogee.
Exhaling miasmic veils of woven haze blindfolds she blows, until we are unable to see. Instead we let our lips caress each others flesh in search of the treasures buried just below. The ritual begins when I go down to taste your nectar of the gods, feel my fingers scrawl spells on your flesh in hieroglyphic haste, Anubis awakes when I invoke he to weigh my heart and become Osiris resurrected, manifested as broken pieces tossed and lost by the tempest of temptation. To traverse this tribulation and emerge triumphant, invoke Isis and find the 13 to complete the puzzle of my psyche. But if you want your toes curled and that shaking sensation, its 14 youll need to complete the capstone of my phallic obelisk. Then we can transcend by the touch of the tongue, cunnilingus ritual recitation through unspoken glossolalia until we complete our journey to become the Gods of our own creation. Why should we not manifest through sensual sidereal sexuality? Orchestrating a galactic glowing mass of groans from groins grinding in tune with the pulsar powered music produced by Love, Lust, and Longing. Our libidos vibrate as sine waves in harmony with strummed string theory, for we are the Cosmic Conductors controlling this sonorous sexual symphony riding gravitational waves that will forever ripple throughout the fabric of spacetime. Cosmological carnal knowledge collapses and condenses our atoms, coalescing to produce photons of pure light to illuminate the encroaching dark void of loneliness which desires to devour it all.
1:1
Stop. Whos there? Tis clock strikes twelve,
brings thy Horatio to seek tis specter from hell,
In Denmark, something is rotting in thy state,
In Norway, unimprovd mettle hot and full awaits,
Tis specter arrives to arouse confusion and fear,
but to treat it violence and majestic threat,
thy specter departs as the cocks crow drew near,
leaving the blows of malicious mockery to regret.
And for Hamlet may speak to the wandering soul,
Tis morning to Hamlet must the three ago.

1:2
Claudius, thy Uncle, is crowned King alast,
Gertrude, thy Mother, hastily marries afast.
With duties done, Laertes to France adieu,
Hamlet griefs thy Fathers death and thy Mothers dine,
for once a Hyperion to now a satyr is Uncle to Father anew,
is but now a little more than kin and less than kind.
Horatio brings poor Hamlet the fatherly news,
that King Hamlets specter is now aloose.
The joyous Hamlet is but joyous to see,
the two month father, dead and decease,
but for he calls that foul deeds will foully arise.
He hurries to the heavenly site prior sunrise.

1:3
Laertes to Ophelia, a brother to sister, he warns,
that Hamlet is but a fiery lover and to love he sworn,
but to love now is but not the future,
for Hamlets fire may, thy mind unpure,
for his lovely vows are not to believe,
he is but a man of deception to conceive.
For when Laertes departs, Polonius rants,
that Hamlets love, Ophelia must recant
for his affections and fashions are but false wows,
for when blood burns, lends the tongue false vows.

1:4
Shrewdly the air bites, nipping and eager,
at Horatio and Hamlet thy specter nears.
To speak alone, it beckons so,
But Horatio to Hamlet speaks no,
for may it draw thy madness and strip thy reason,
but to thee specter does Hamlet go,
for thy life is but alacking living reason.
Aback do they hold him most,
but Hamlet, his sword he wields
Fate has brought him here, he feels
To hold him back is but to turn aghost

1:5
Revenge, does his heavenly father speak,
of tis horrid murder of unnatural feat.
For the orchards snake, wears thy fathers crown
and whored thy gracious Queen, whose now evil abound.
With dignity and devotion she loved me so,
but tis sinful murder, Hamlet, you musta know!
Through my ears, a venomous potion he drew,
thy fair Uncle, Claudius that potion he brew.
Abed, my life he ended this night,
And to my crown and Queen took he aflight.
For thy dearest father, revenge must thy draw
upon thy villainous head, Claudius must fall
And to thy sword thou dearest friends must swear,
to tell not the occasions of this night we bear,
And to madness Hamlet must falsely seek,
to discover the truth of horrid deed beneath.

2:1
Reynaldo to Laertes, Claudius aspies,
to Paris, Reynaldo goes with aplan devised,
to seek the situation of Laertes in foreign hoods,
with bait of falsehood takes this carp of truth.
Ophelia then enters, with her father she shares,
"Oh, father, father, Ive just had such a scare!"
In her sewing room, it is Hamlet she sees,
with no hat, nor buttons, nor stable knees
For he stared and stared to let out a final sigh,
Love mad he may be, ato King we must aby.
2:2
With Rosencrantz and Guildenstern,
Directly or indirectly will Claudius learn,
of Hamlets matters they are to return.
Polonius, with news of Hamlet, he waits,
for thee Ambassador, to inform that Denmark Gates,
Are to be opened for young Fortinbras Polack defeat,
Polonius to Claudius, reveals thy madness roots,
For Hamlet is but love crazy for the fairest fruits,
of dearest Ophelia, who a letter he wrote,
Proclaims the fairness of her upon tis note.
And to test the truth, their confrontation, muste spy,
Behind the arras to view thy love-mad side.
Is but our hastily marriage and his fathers death,
thy Mother, aware, are but the means of his mad breath.
Polonius then to Hamlet, speaks of witty words,
A fishmonger he calls, but one of two is misheard,
For when Polonius humbly takes aleave,
He is but to take anything, but his life, shall he not receive.
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, enter to Hamlet, they chat,
but Hamlet to quickly find the two are but a Kings scat,
Only sent to spy on a dearest friend,
And to humans name do they offend,
Only to betray a dearest friend in honor of the King.
And so Players arrived at Denmark grounds,
for they, the best in the world, Polonius sounds.
And then for Jephthah, witty Hamlet chants,
the song of a foolish man who accidently grants,
the sacrifice of his beloved daughter.
Pyrrhus, do they perform for dearest Hamlet,
His sword is aair, but aair it sets,
for he hesitates to swing thy sword,
And with this, Hamlet hopes to store,
the strength to kill the horrid Lord.
Though he is but ashamed, for upon false emotions can Players act,
And in himself upon truths, strength can he not extract.
So a play for the Kings conscience does Hamlet devise,
for the heavenly ghost may be false in his advice.
3:1
To be or not to be; that is the question,
For Hamlet to be nobler or to atake action,
Shall he withdraw with bloody self slaughter,
But shallst never may see thy fairest daughter,
To die, but to sleep for a mere dream,
But in sleep shall fair or foul be unseen?
Now Polonius and Claudius awaits,
for Hamlets arranged meet with abait.
Hamlet to Ophelia, his love recants,
For honesty and beauty are but Someones grants,
Once did he love her, but now afigured,
that women are but corrupt and impured,
For ones honestly and beauty can and shall be taint,
For if God given thou one face, dear not another by paint.
For honestly and beauty has God falsely bred,
All but one, shall women unwed.
All but one, shall women be nun.
Hence this marriage is over, and to a nunnery at once,
3:2
Let this mousetrap be named and this play aset,
Shall capture thy horrid mouse or thy Uncle of Hamlet.
Polonius to Hamlet, the theater he knows,
For a Caesar death died he at thee Capitol.
Upon the lap of fair Ophelia, does Hamlet, lie,
Only to think of country matters and nothing (he implies).
And the play begins, with a prologue so brief,
Like a womans love, was Hamlets belief.
The King and Queen, a loving bond they share,
But the King by a mystic potion envenomed beware.
Thee action to kill, a murderous scene it was,
Leaving Claudius to regret the murderous act abuzz,
He arises to say: Let there be light! Let there be light!
And to the joy of Hamlet to see tis joyous sight,
For the words of thy heavenly father was but right.
Now shall the minute parts of truth ignite.
And to his Mother he shall speak daggers wield none,
for shall his tongue speak of the cruelties undone.
3:3
With Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, to England ago,
Should insane Hamlet know not a hawk from a crow,
And behind the arras, Polonius will again spy,
the taxation of Hamlet and his Mothers cry.
Polonius departs to spy upon the Mother and the Insane,
Only to leave Claudius to regret thy hideous Mark of Cain,
Shall he pray the Heavens to forgive him his actions,
For thy stripped thy Brother of life, throne, and attractions.
As Claudius is never to withdraw his stripped token,
Divine forgiveness shall never then be unspoken.
Hamlet can kill not his murderous Uncle in praying stance,
For a hideous monster shall not ago Heaven by chance.
3:4
So behind the arras dearest Polonius stays,
to view the idle and wicked tongue arrays,
Thoust the Queen, Thy Husbands Brothers wife!
But to hear a rat, shall Hamlet for a ducat its life.
Oh, but death neath the arras, may it the King?
A horrid act? To kill and wear thy brothers ring?
Oh, King it be not, but be a wretched, rash fool,
And now shall Hamlet tell thy Myth aGhoul.
For thy murderer has slain thy Heavenly mate,
And only now by natural law does he abate.
Upon these portraits shall ring aclear,
That from thy Heavenly father is he nowhere near,
A murderer, a villain, a horrid fiend,
He is but a devilish murderer yield unclean,
No way can one drop from THIS to THAT,
And shall by this scene, the specterous soul attract,
Dear not be untenderly to thy Mother it speaks,
And shall this revenge soon awake its peak,
Hamlet appears amad to thy watching Mother,
but to his mother he warns, abed not another,
For two mouths should speak of none,
of this revenge that will soon be done.
And again, abed let not him seduce you so,
For now, apart to English muste ago.
4:1
Gertrude to Claudius, she continues to reveal,
Of Poloniuss murder and his arras squeal,
"A rat! A rat!" Amad Hamlet is,
Brandished, to rapier the life of his.
And now wheres thou Hamlet still?
To draw apart the body he hath killed.
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern is but yet called again,
With discord and dismay, are they to seek that thou slain.

4:2
The two seek to Hamlet, for the bodys lair,
Compounded with dust now does it wear,
And a sponge, does Hamlet call them so,
for the King to squeeze them dry and thorough,
"A knavish speech sleeps in a foolish ear."
The body aby aKing, but aKing, the body unnear.
And so, Hamlet to the King premiere.
4:3
And to Claudius does Hamlet call,
That Polonius now rests at a dining hall,
til a conference of worms devours him all
He shall eat not, but they eat so,
tis our fate despite status quo.
And upon the lobby stairs a corpse may lay,
One of dearest Polonius, slain to heaven or hell
Now to English death must Hamlet pay,
To one mother does he give two farewells.
4:4
With a Captain does Hamlet now proceed,
Who tells of young Fortinbras of Norway accede,
The Norway prince through Denmark he leads,
to seize aminute Polack patch muste receive.
A worthless land, must many die for one,
But true greatness acts not from fair reason,
But for the sake of the mind when honor is won.
And has Someone granted the reasoning mind,
For man to hesitate so cowardly inside,
For thy deed to act, must we rid the mind bind,
And act on instinct and be not wise.
And from the reasoning state must Hamlet now leave,
for honor he shall act, and his emotions hell believe.

4:5
False sanity is but false no more,
For fair Ophelias reason be not restore.
Anow sings of thy premature stone afoot thy fathers grave,
and the departure of Hamlet for thy wed depraved.
Claudius is but to blame for thee rotting state,
For Polonius, a proper ceremony he not awaits,
For poor Ophelia, stripped from her reasonous state,
For Laertes aback from France, by thy fathers death, irate.
And Laertes enters, with thy support for king,
For the murderer, vengeful death shall he bring,
So Claudius to Laertes, says he is not to blame,
but thy fathers murderer is but another name.
And enters Ophelia, with figurative flowers to give,
But those of Faithfulness have ceased to live.
Alive are but for Thoughts, for Remembrance,
for Adultery, for Repentance, and for False Romance.
For his sisters sanity is but another to blame,
Laertes, a vengeance mind, is but now aflame.
4:6
Horatio, a letter from Hamlet he receives,
that upon a Pirate ship has Hamlet board,
And that shall with speed wouldst fly abreathe.
Meet to hear the story Hamlet has astored.

4:7
Claudius to Laertes, he speak of innocence,
for by public appearance, the truth may bent,
For the public count loves Hamlet so,
And to thy fair Mother, Claudius abeau.
Thy noble father lost and sister insane,
The murderous filth of Hamlet is to blame.
At this, a loyal messenger approaches,
to deliver the news that but Hamlet reproached,
An English death did Hamlet face not,
For now his destined death are they to plot,
Naked and alone, will he return to Denmark alearn,
Of the honorable fence-match, he shall earn,
Against Laertes, whose fatherly love nor illusion,
Shall the death of Hamlet draw conclusion.
Even achurch will Hamlet, Laertes slay,
Death by no bounds, must Hamlet pay.
Envenomed rapier and wine shall prepare,
the faithful death of murderous Hamlet anear.
Gertrude then enters with Ophelias news ashare,
For sorrows comes not in singles but in greater pairs,
Upon muddy death has Ophelia drowned,
for now another death has but profound,

5:1
Two Gravediggers upon one grave they create,
for to the death of thy Graveowner do they relate,
To die by self slaughter or to die by not,
the attention of passing Hamlet have they caught.
With Hamlet does one of thee two chat,
for once a woman, shall this grave be buried at,
A quick digger for Hamlet to his surprise,
Revealed that to England is mad Hamlet to advise.
For a corpse to live for eight or nine,
Thy dearest Yoricks skull is to find,
Thy a corpse to date three and twenty,
Leaves Hamlet to recall thy memories aplenty,
And to think Alexander, oburied alike.
Here comes the King, Laertes and the Queen,
And upon the burial grounds is Ophelia seen,
His dearest sister does Laertes mourn,
But to Hamlet, her death, his heart atorn.
Laertes to Hamlet, muste not compare,
the death of one is a little more foul than fair,
For forty thousand brothers can sum not his love,
For the death of the fairest maiden beloved.
Claudius to Laertes, must Hamlet pay thy debt,
the plot of night prior shallst not forget.
5:2
Hamlet to Horatio, does his truths trust,
Of thy wretched King and his unjust,
Of Rosencrantz and Guildenstern English death they meet,
With sacrifice and thy seal was thou to spare self defeat.
Nowst Osric enters to Hamlet achat,
Forst not hot, nor cold, nor sultry at.
And awish to court, with thy Laertes of excellence,
For Hamlets head does thee King expense.
With six French rapiers and poniards assign,
For by fates determination, shall this court incline,
For a special providence in the fall of a sparrow,
Can we do not, but abide by fate afollow.
Trumpets and drums, nowst the fence begins,
For Hamlet and Laertes hand and hand therein.
Pardon he begs, Hamlet to thy brother,
For in him is but foil Hamlet yet another,
And so they fence for honor and fence for life,
Two of two leads Hamlet the strife.
The King, to Hamlet he drinks,
Tis pearl shall he the cup he sinks,
And unwounded for two, Hamlet prevails,
But Queen, the dearest Mother, so faithfully frail,
For she drinks thy cup of heavenly pearl,
For heavenly it be not, as thy malicious plot unfurl,
The cup! The cup! A poisonous potion,
Cause yet another by venomous commotion.
A distracting cause, for Hamlet to bear,
For Laertes envenomed blade muste beware,
Now envenomed blood shall Hamlet shed,
Shall he hold thy rapier of Laertes instead,
to shed thy venomous blood of thy venomous mind,
For now thy murderous plot shall unwind,
At the honorable death of brother Laertes,
Shall the death of Claudius be aseized.
The Kings to blame for the death of all,
And tis day shall he see his destined fall.
With thy venomous blade held ahand,
Let the doors be locked and the evils banned,
For Hamlet wounds thy treacherous soul,
And shall horrid Claudius pay his destined toll,
For Hamlet forces to drink thy murderous potion,
And shall he too die of venomous commotion.
The death of four and tis bloody scene,
Shall Horatio tell to those unseen.
Shall he speak of murderous truths embark,
for Fortinbras shall now throne Denmark,
For in Fortinbras does his admiration lay,
For does Hamlet trust thoust fiery ambitious way,
And tis now concludes thy Hamlets life,
For death and death thoust all alike...
After the whipping he crawled into bed,
Accepting the harsh fact with no great weeping.
How funny uncle's hat had looked striped red!
He chuckled silently. The moon came, sweeping
A black, frayed rag of tattered cloud before
In scorning; very pure and pale she seemed,
Flooding his bed with radiance. On the floor
Fat motes danced. He sobbed, closed his eyes and dreamed.
Warm sand flowed round him. Blurts of crimson light
Splashed the white grains like blood. Past the cave's mouth
Shone with a large, fierce splendor, wildly bright,
The crooked constellations of the South;
Here the Cross swung; and there, affronting Mars,
The Centaur stormed aside a froth of stars.
Within, great casks, like wattled aldermen,
Sighed of enormous feasts, and cloth of gold
Glowed on the walls like hot desire. Again,
Beside webbed purples from some galleon's hold,
A black chest bore the skull and bones in white
Above a scrawled "Gunpowder!" By the flames,
Decked out in crimson, gemmed with syenite,
Hailing their fellows with outrageous names,
The pirates sat and diced. Their eyes were moons.
"Doubloons!" they said. The words crashed gold. "Doubloons!"
When i was 6, i wanted to be something i completely made up in my head.. A 'space ninja pirate undercover superhero with wizardry powers' of some sort, and so i became just that.
&amp;When; i was 10, i grew out of that and grew into the idea of being just an 'ordinary girl' with ordinary clothes and ordinary hair, no extraordinary powers of any sort, and so i became just ordinary.
But when I was 12, i grew tired of being like everyone else. I wanted to create something original for myself. And so i took a pen and an old Disney notepad and wrote all my random daydreams down, and so i became a dreamer and that was that.
However, at 14. I started to care a little too much. Gave my heart away freely and brought myself cheap love. My hair was far too ordinary and my imagination was far too weird,
' <em>if i don't start shaving now, by 16 i'll have a beard</em> ' and so self conscious i became, and that was that for that year.
Now i'm at 16, and i'm starting <strong><em>NOT</em></strong> to care, my daydreams have got me this far and i embrace my messy hobo like hair.. It's tricky though.
'Cause if i were to be honest, i'd say this;;
At 16, i want to touch people with my words but not become a 'poet'
I want people to relate to my music but i don't want to be a musician
I want to get over my depression
But i dont want to feel perfect
I kinda want to run away
But at the same time i want to always have a reason to stay.
Some call me a savage,
a bit of a lady ravisher,
but actually
I'm a bloodthirsty pirate,
a bearded buccaneer
by trade.
I plunder &amp; I pillage,
but never do I rape.
I just soothe you
by kissing the sweet-nape
of your delicate neck
&amp; believe me Queenie,
it'll make you move rather quick,
when I swallow your drip.
You'll want me,
beg me to raid
your pretty ship
again &amp; again,
take all of your precious booty.
My parrot will laugh
at my various quips
&amp; don't be alarmed,
there's nothing nefarious
about my peg leg,
'cause it's hollow,
it's where I hide
the golden loot.
A ghost has touched my fingertips
they ache, they shake with fear
Into my feet it flows
and gets hold of me,
grows
This is no joke, love
we should run
before it is too late or before-
what is that?
you shake your head, you're not afraid?
Then I will run alone,
as I use to;
as it has shown to be
my safeguard system
not for me, my love:
for <em>you</em>.
I miss you old friend
Where have you gone?
The sun has come out
And brought the breeze with it along
I giggle in my yellow dress
The bugs tickle on my skin
It's time to play outside
With our trees and river again
We can go sit on the steps
Or play pirates on the swing
Pick flowers in the garden
At least the flowers left by spring
And if it starts to rain
I will laugh at your wet hair
You'll laugh at the mud on my face
And I'll laugh too, I just don't care
Because we are best friends
Who play with the sun
And at night we talk to the moon
With him we become one
But now summer begins
And I turn with a frown
Because your tan fingers
Are nowhere to be found
And I can't help but wonder
As the chrysanthemums yawn
Where my freckled summer friend
Could possibly have gone
Nassau
Warm smiles under rusted hulls,
mailboats smoking,
lobster red cruise ship tourists,
back to the islands they go
Highborn Cay
White cloth walled gazebos,
bikinis and tan.
Loungers on pearl beaches,
lovers, the sea and sand
Compass Cay
A pirates place.
Rustic docks in crystal blue.
A meeting place, restless souls
Pathways and secrets on a tropical island.
Oh, frolicking sharks? In cuddle piles.
Staniel Cay
Rural and lovely,
Pink and blue shops, take your pick.
Haggling fishermen in front of a quaint little pub.
far from home, further from troubles.
Locals tell me god blesses me a lot.
The church has the best plot of land.
We were good to each other,
We were not good for each other.
The red-headed gypsy in thrift store Gucci.
We shared the same exact starting point in life.
We were born at the same time, on the same date, under the same sun,
with the same red hair.
We both carry with us, a mischievous grin.
She danced off the stage and into my heart, and I keep her there today.
We are good to each other.
We were not good for each other.
A fair haired Feline, who was fairly forgetful to boot.
Not someone I will ever forget.
I chased her to the ends of the earth, and then chased her off.
As though on a walk with Robert Frost, A fork appeared in the road.
She broke up with me, because I had already left.
We were very good to each other,
We were not good for each other.
A mocha-skinned beauty, who stole my heart for the better half of a
decade.
Our hearts fled to each other, while our bodies ran away.
On freight trains, in pirate caves, and under bridges,
the winds carried her kisses to me.
She's just as crazy as I am.
We are very good to each other.
We are not good for each other.
And yet...I think of her all the time.
I instigated the most soporific cephalic act, An Argonaut sailing within your strange eyes of others pointed retina membranes, An unsaid exodus wishes to browse your meridians sunsets tainted of that meridian, As evening falls back upon you bathed the earthly mud, Nympth Ninfuceanicus sheltering your labours of bird waste in galactic extinction and creation ...
For soft aromatic worlds you went by your house ruined Zodiac
Blurring the lost romance policy profiles, threading peat spinning his metafhysistthink of his tabernacle.
The ship in question was beautiful delicacy of numbness primary Sun, Lost Halo where one day there were countless number age, to get lost in the cold of your trellis resigned and touching your going through the watery landscape of your soul cornered iron., Spark fleeing evaporated ...
How many times my Ninfoceanicus very thin you migrated with your frosty, almost scary legs traveling in a foreign owned bird?, Where migrating is hard to see his cross snowy mountain plants.
What of you. Ninfocenicas lines will plan my rickety Saturn's own trapeze degraded never stood the lofty life of the living present all this happened? Divided scratchy body plowing all unexplored fountain.
Among several of them, thousands of them managed to be among others, but one of them, violated any protocol as a beautiful geese and ducks in the window of my sky, coming to ask for my company, just on the threshold of spring, next the threshold of my window and yours, adopted eternal brother.
She mimics the snowy Nymphthe feet of all the courts of the world freely, Dancing in tight spaces where sounds beautiful my favourite track other stragglers lost images of my beautiful bird of beautiful threshold of my window as timeless dancesbelfry rusty sounds.
For the dark wall between your gene, which will open the whistle of your detachment, every time your commander demolition subdued light and energy to take my humble mischief
by the way your eyes and mine, in the vigour of sepals loved everlasting flowers insults.
Together unfairly they united as dim flowers in the air,
Divided separately exile scattered your garden,
My chronic bad inside my hundred chronically ill
I will seeNymph hiperocenicus, hyper rusty
By iron hanging over the mask gestures cold weather martial iron watering soiland branded satin mask stays plebeian worms my ruined face of phases of my face closetand wardrobe.
The upward castle by fierce hillsides, notify more rasterize
Your morning visit.
Among many castles many seas gang signs of femininity,
As a sliding plushy receiving a Nymph Satardia;
The first and most powerful inhabitant of the ascending Ninfuocenicus castle.
When I'm alone,
I am on the side of the broth augury sling,
Holding my application
Almost like a plumber object in the hands of a blind astronomer.
Only three steps income
Where three steps have to meet me on the runaway shadows
Of my ancestors, right neighbour pine crafty,
That hid my totemic animality ...
As the blood currents green,
I lost myself
As a front polygon,
As a front wormy adventure stories demolished
In the densest darkness of your house arcane absence ashes
The cadaverous presence of the wind of my roles in pain and ossuaryof that princely that emotional solstice who anchored in your flowery landscape of love,
Spinning wheel to square steps
As contraindication to love, then need you more.
You jump on my doorstep, plain unlicensed ...
So the propaedeutic of Ninfaocenicus begins,
You write my signs and my losses as prescribed
The loneliest adage constantly fading green robes.
I often feel sad as all times outside the elapsed time,
When I feel the absence of your webbed feet oily,
Aligning by walking wearing my sun of you,
With foreign attire migrating my sunshine clothing doze ...
As a gale of tulle for the South Seas who died in the wreckage of a pirate ship Pliocene
And your sea south sorry awakening as between species
Jungle, eater vampireas the swirl start your being lost in my
Desert be ... want to be mummy augur
Lips worst evils of unrestrained fantasy tribal worse,
They concluded entirely confined irritability.
As the bipolar lost hope,
Graft of your nomadic existence and entrepreneurial ship traveling
settled that the bipolar economy of your means of anti - life,
Closing my eyes ... black aniline,
Black lost roads dancing notch watermark,
Of the hypertensive empty string, as the rope pulls and
Solves the crescent of your face depressed ocher rain.
When river, and watch your lips precursors,
I watch the surf offshore devouring my joint,
In search ofnymph Titania, your age who live with me,
My Perfect for you and my image, my imperfect picture of you and me, silky movement shores of my soul looking for you,
When I sit at the knee I bend my knee for you,
I sit on the bank remains with you.
My codex collected from you, only you ...
When the cave steppe fear rages,
Tongues of fire gigantic move me by your rivers adventure
I park in your loud voice drawled from acute bonfire
In the wooded rested than ever it grew on your side close.
Your life was almost a straight bipolar errors,
I am now businessman making your life nearby,
Hit blowing winds greater ...
And at your life in my financial life,
If you think with your hands clasped over your face
know that almost live together with you,
unbecoming my libertarian release of master your flight
hell beastly dessert.
Most hellish bestiality lastly zain,
Of the greatest forces of your body eater the myth king, fabulous race The disabled senior verse confined treaty,
Confined you that is farthest from you damn nymph Ninfuocenica,
requalification boiling in behaviours you to exist in the relief of your abysmal way but your gooey body resting on you ..., rests meditatingDo not get tired, you do not pretend to be the ruin of your prey voice sound muffled, only animals that disturb you bring your pursue days true
Yourlovers sulfer knew your colours and smells of the most pestilential entity, that overshoot and tone your threefold, as a roar of soul that comes from your soul ,
Do not let mental baseness mimics with anemic,
lower hostile masts your antiangels have to ride on gold gatekeepers ... For the spot, if mythomania and your alcoholic schizophrenia infinity,...
hulksof alcohol vapours in the pulmonary vessels by butterfly flocks,
They roam the reins of collecting and rasterised your weakness sudden death, As well assudden resurrection of my body.
And rebukes the storm, rebuke thy right entity endowed leper nerve
That's where I have to pursue your side embraces more hug me,
More than your own warmth, rather than your own bravery, unbridled carriage.
I often repeat a million times,
The times I did not hear your perpendicular attentive pauses, stutters hurry Schizo your frequent alcoholism, not to distinguish only slicing nonsensicalattitudes sometimes slow thinking agility of a lover,Thinking that seduce and reduces that sinister and discouraging, that scrape thinthat limits who wants to be and not dominate.
Mapping by hiding places unusual materials,
Brochures polished of scruffy codex and guide you anunguide
By the groves close views as telescopic sights that are lost.
I know, my biggest Ninfuocenica death may not be reborn on the third day!!, But if it is not to lose lost when the day ends.
Wise ancestry and slavery which will govern the pale fronts
Your hidden and mobile lives on olive orchard,
Hiper meditatefunny without feeling any known gene passed schizo, nor read past experience in your prodigious map of oblivion.
Satardia; He lit a match just as night fell,
Sea and sky colours compressing regrets that burned their matches
It burned his blessed same figure as the little pair of gifts
That remained on hold as senior Ninfuoceanica,
Only his dark side Petricwindmill stone ...
Someday reborn to confuse his disciples confused gentlemen,
And their abandoned phrases that he dominates.
Feverish ardor,
Feverish torpor
Every living illusion is extinguished ...
Go to your coward stampede
Of gatekeepers on buffalo between bloodthirsty goats goats ...
Jose Luis Carreo Troncoso Copyright 2015
RelatedAugust 2006
Let's you and I pretend that we are pirates
And we'll both sail away
I'll grab the treasure map
You raise the mast, step on the gas
We'll split all our take in what ever we make
Leaving the sun behind in our wake
Let's you and I pretend that we are pirates
And the highways Southbound lane will be our sea
We'll chart out a course for far distant shores
Pillaging this world in search of lost pearls
Setting our sails for free
Pirates Pretend, you and me
If I could, I'd sing to you sweetly
just to mend your broken lip.
And I'd steal all the pirates treasure
just to heal your scarring hips.
I would burn every magazine
and modelling agency
Just to see you taste again
If I could, I would oil these rusty arms
just to hold you forever.
I'd paint a smile on you permanently
with the richest colour pink,
Sticky tape your shattered ribs together
and watch you breathe again.
I promise I'd guide you to the mirror
and make sure it reflects just how beautiful
just how beautiful everyone sees that you are.
I dreamed of
little what-ifs and should-haves,
the things I wanted to do
but didn't;
the things I wanted to happen,
that didn't.
I dreamed of
happy nights and happy days,
a smile plastered on my face,
my laughter and yours
dancing with the wind in the air.
I dreamed of
your love and how I lost it,
as how the pirates would lose
their treasure maps;
and how I wished it would come back.
Perhaps, it was due to my
Visit to the community condo salt water pool.
A busty, black haired pirate wench
With an ass, that how do I say - better than a J-Lo bomb
in a thong.
Actually, I thought it was her bottom was just riding up into a a wedgie
that could fill a bottomless cup.
To top it off she was a mom, without her husband around.
"Good for you" I thought in my head -- flaunt and prance- you deserve the admiration just for all the squats it requires
To produce all those stares of desire.
Well, time passes and we all move closer to the grave--
As I was covered. in sunblock, hat, the old-lady sarong and the "slimming" black spanx bathing suit -- I was proud I actually went in the pool.
For a second, as Busty Bum McGee sauntered by
I wished my husband was blind.
When I looked at his smile: I could read his mind.
"What? He said, "I'm not dead."
Funny - I smiled too ---
Because it is just how life rules.
We all get our time in the sun -
Just know, at this stage we drink wine and have sun spots the doctors
freeze off now and again.
I don't pine the past
Idrunk my cocktails of beauty and youth -
Twirled in the sunset and flirted till sunrise.
Now.
I put sunscreen on my old man's back -- when Busty Bum McGee isn't around.
I'll help give him the illusion, he is still a man about town.
It's a tender mercy that he will return at some point and time.
Probably when he mumbles himself awake about the condo community pool in his dreams.
I'll pretend I didn't hear.
He will pull me in and whisper.
I'm glad your here.
tangled up in flannel and dreams
dreams that fade into mmm bop
and the realization that it is tim
time to turn off the alarm
almost back asleep when pirates seep into my consciousness
snooze button
rolling over
head banging
against the wall that is
I know
I've gotta get up
I can't get down
pirates once more
out I roll
banging my knees on the bed frame
bumbling to the dresser
grabbing the 4 essential items of clothing
heading towards the shower
if they don't look good right now
well I don't care right now
because it is the morning
On an isle far way. Lost throughout the seas. A temple lies behind the mist, beyond the realms of you and me. The corridors lined with the likeness of men in stone. Pirates, sailors and knights who braved the seas and the tentacled beast. All to win the maiden treasure the temple keeps. Now the maiden hides alone. Alone in the tower with her lover encased in stone. Black tears from her eyes stain the silk of her gown. Mourning the memory of her lover drowned. She had not meant to take his life, but she could not resist the temptation of loving eyes. Loving eyes she'd never seen. Her strength giving way to selfish need. Her slithering hair speaks "He was not right for thee."Jealous whispers , lies straight from the serpent's tongue. But now she could take no more. A concealed dagger to silence the beast for sure, but the beast saw the dagger's shine. They deflected her in the serpent's way. Clammy bodies wrapped around her throat. Gasping breathes echoed from the drowning host. Once she fell onto the ground, they disappeared into the sea without a sound. Now she lays cold beside her lovers stone. Now joined together in the world below.
The bracelet curled around your wrist
skin embracingly ornamental....representing
eternity.I remember when we shopped
windows lit up to enhance the jewelled effect
Wore bright smiles, coats that salvaged
hid the chill from our bones. The cold air paid
a high price to gatecrash our sentiments,
it did not succeed and skulked off to bite
into the heart of one whose flesh was delicate
who wore woes, like parrots clinging to
Shoulders of pirates at sea...all at sea...for dear life
Clearly slipping in and out at sea level
I saw them pegged out, unaware of those tagged
Expressions, labelled on the outside
And me, fingers grasping the secret of our love
Affair, bought and paid for in gold
The road behind bares us a backdrop, too many nights find us fractured in our thoughts and the dreamers we once were are far from the two people who stand today.
We're broken, mere splinters of our shipwreck past, driftwood on a shore that drowns every time the ocean breathes.
The path is littered with slaughtered dreams that didn't bleed.
As time and tide wait for no man shall we find it a tragic scene?
simply erased with the sunsets demise?
No one gets away without a scar and mine speak a road map to chaos
and a found hello to you.
Mine own scars are fingertips
gouged into the sand and faded
but salted by tears of the ocean, inerasable by the tide.
A soul washed up upon the shore, a road map etched delicately into fine bones.
You can trace where I'd been before. All roads lead to your hello.
In broken lines and have uttered phrases and one too many empty night.
Backdrop of chaos does paint in the darkest colors you could ever imagine .
How does it gets so flawed by our own creations and vices my dear?
Does it still ring ever so true?
The bell rings true whispering distant voices
Empty nights are just bottles lined up as dead soldiers
We contemplated our own truths and fell victim to our own vices
The backdrop is black, no colour beneath skin.
Honestly? Where does our downfall begin?
Two ships underneath the nightscape past the spark once understood the flame and nothing more .
In empty alleys, like cats to prowl, we find our moments, and then bury our thoughts to lay for no others to see.
half written papers and half heard conversation the keys of the piano haunt the silence as myself shadows that still remain.
Nothing is but a thought and those are like dead flowers laid to waste a reflection of far better times
The night crawls to meet the day as it has so many times before.
The thought of the minds bottle lay empty upon the table.
A fond farewell is but a sugar coated goodbye.
And I seldom have minced my words to mask their sting.
The page forever bleeds.
Pages that lay scattered on a dirty floor
Bleeding ink into cracks
that will forever more
hide the spirit of our souls.
In the bardo*
you are floating
aboard the barge of couldhavebeens
and moments that were unseen
not the world
not a boy or a girl
lost
Lost boys are found toys for Thors hands
to play with
Lightening lick of guitar solo
striking health into blushed cheeks
Soon youll no longer need to be
painted
The eye patches will be removed
and pirate life wont mean
Scrounging and wishing for an oasis
youll throw a life saver
throw a light saber
Glisten the sparkzap through tables
laden with all thats been spat
from vitriolic minds
Listen
sore elbows from nudging bad spirits away
Blades of bone
and intention can saw through sadness
to the light beyond
like the skys pinholes
Stars aren't the cuttings of children
the dark is just a covering
Poke a finger through
Don't fear if you get stuck
for it is only the backdrop to a stage
hiding the mass of light
only there to protect us from blinding joy
Like sunglasses
So be one with your sadness
entablature archetypal wrangle arguable arraign arrest ascribe arsenal article artificial artisan ascension austere askance obliquely aspire assail assault assay assert diligence obsequious assimilate stigma perspicacious astute asunder atman atrium attrition intrepid autonomous avarice avert avocation azimuth azure abbreviate aberrant abhorrent relinquish loathe abstinence abstentionabysmal accelerate accordance accoutrement accrue exasperate acquaintance baccalaureate bacillus backbite baggage ballistic baluster bandolier banister barrage barranca barrier bartizan basilica bastion batholiths bathyscaphe battalion batten battle bauble bawdy beastly bestial beckon beacon bazaar bizarre Bedouin beguile behavior beleaguer belligerent belvedere berserk beseech bewilder bezant bicker bigamy bight bilk billet billiard billow biogenic biscuit bivouac blatancy blizzard bodacious boggle bollix bombardier boudoir bouquet butte boutique bower brassier mesa breach breech brochure brogue brooch broach bruise brusque buccaneer buffoon bureau buttress buxom caffeine cauldron calisthenics calligraphy callous camouflage campaign campanile cannery cannibal canny cantaloupe cantankerous cantilever capacity capillary capricious carbohydrate caricature carnivorous carouse carriage cartography casserole cassette cataclysm catastrophe cache categorical caterwaul cavalier cauliflower celerity alacrity cellophane cellulose cemetery centennial cereal cerebellum ceremonial cesarean cessation chaff challenge champagne chandelier changeable chaparral charade chargeable chassis chateau chauffer chauvinism Cheshire chiaroscuro chicanery chiffon chigger chrysanthemum cipher circuit citadel clairvoyant clastic clique coalesce coercible coincidental colloquial colossal column combustible communicable community commute complacency compulsory comradery conceit conceal concession confetti conglomerate conjugal connive connoisseur consensus constellation consummate continuity contrivance convalesce convenient convertible convolution copasetic copious corduroy coriolis cornucopia corollary corpse corpuscle correlate correspondent corridor corroborate corrosion corrugate corrupt costume counselor countenance counterfeit courageous courier courtesy covert covetous cranny crease credenza credulity crescent cripple criterion crochet crocodile croissant crotchety crucial cruel cryptic cuddle cuisine cul-de-sac culinary culpable culvert cumbrous cummerbund cunnilingus cunning curare curiosity curtilage curtsy curvaceous custody cylindrical cymbal cynicism cyst dabble daffodil daiquiri damsel dastardly dazzle deceit debilitate debonair debris debutant decency decipher decimate deconcentrate decorum decrepit dedicate defamation defendable defensible deference deficient deficit definitive defoliate delectable deliberate delicatessen delinquent delirious demarcate dementia demolish demure denigrate dentil denunciation deplorable depreciate dereliction derisory derrick descent desirable despair desperate despicable despondent destine deterrent detonate deviance devisal devisor devour dexterous diabolicalness diagnosis dialogue diamond diaphragm diarrhea dichondra dawdle differentia difficulty diffuse dilapidate dilate dilemma diligent dilute diminutive dinghy dinosaur directordirigible disadvantageous disastrous disperse disciplinary discomfiture discordant discotheque discreet discrete discrepancy disgust disguise dishevel dispersal dissect dissention dissertation dissident dissipate dissolve dissonant distillate distortion distraught disturbance divvy docile docket doctrinal dodder kinky eccentric linguistics domical dominate domineer dominion dossier doubloon douse drawl dreary dubious dulcet dungeon duodenum duress dwindle dynamism dynasty ebullition echinoderm eclectic ecliptic economist ecumenism edifice editor educe effervesce efficacious egalitarian elaborate elapsed eerie elegy eligible eliminate elite elixir elongate elucidate elusion eluviation emaciate embarrass embassy embellish embezzle embroidery embryo emissary emollient emphatic enchilada encore encumbrance endeavor endogenous endure engender ensemble enthusiast entourage entrepreneur epaulet epitome erratic erroneous escapade esophagus espionage esplanade etcetera ethereal etiquette eucalyptus eulogy exaggerate exacerbate excellency exhilarate expectant exquisite facetious Fahrenheit fallacy fanion fealty feisty frisky felicitous fenestration ferocious fertile fervent fickle fictitious fiery finesse finial fjord flaccid fledge flippant flirtatious flivver fluctuate follicle forbearance forbiddance forehand forebode forceps forfeit
forgo forlorn formidable foundry foyer fracas fraught frivolous frolic frontier funnel copious furrow fuselage fusillade futile forgone frivolity frolic galaxy galleon galoot galore galoshes gambit gangrene ganglion gargantuan gargoyle gardenia garret garrote gasolier gatling gawky gazebo gazelle gazette geezer geisha gendarme generosity genre genteel gentry genuine geodesic geranium gesticulate ghastly giggle gigolo gimmick giraffe gizzard glacier glamour glimmer glimpse glisten glottis gluteus gluttony glyph gnarly gnaw goddess godling gorgeous gorilla gory gossamer gourd gouts gracious gradient granary grandeur granulation grapple gratify gratuitous gregarious grenade committee grievance griffin gristle grotesque gristly grotto grouch groupie grisly grovel grudge gruel gruesome gubernatorial guerrilla guffaw guidable guidon guile guillotine gullet gymnasium gyrate habitable hacienda haggard halibut halitosis hallelujah hallow halyard hammock harangue harass harried hasp hatred haughty hearth hedonism hegira heinous hegemony hemisphere hemophilia hemorrhage herbivorous hereditary heresy heritage heroine hesitate hibiscus hidden hideous hieroglyphic highfalutin high-rise hilarity hippopotamus hoarse holler holocaust holster homicidal horror hosiery hurricane hydrant hydraulic hydronic hyena hygiene hyphen hypnotize hypochondria hypocrisy hypocrite hypotenuse hysteria idiocy igloo ignoramus ignore illicit illiterate illustrate imbecile immaculate immaterial immature immersible immigrant immune impasse impeccable impedance impenetrable impervious imperfect implement implicate implicit important impressible innately inert impression impugn inadequate inanimate inauspicious incandescent incantation incarcerate incentive incinerator inclusion incoercible incompressible incontrovertible controversy indefatigable inconvertible inconvincible incorruptible indices indictment indigent indigestion digestible indignant indiscretion indiscreet indisiplined indiscernible inducible inebriate ineffable inefficacy ineludible inexorable inexpiable inextricable infallible infatuation inferior inflammatory inflexible infuriate inimitable iniquitous infuse infusion ingenuity ingratiate inimical innards innocence innovate innumerable inoculation insatiable insectivorous insincerity insinuation inspection inspirator instability installation insurance insufferable insufficiency insurrection insupportable integrity intellect intelligence intemperance intension interaction interception intercession interdiction interface interference interpolate interrogate interrupt intersperse intervene interstice intractable intergalactic intransigent intravenous intrepid intricate intrigue introductory introject intrude inundate invective invariable invertebrate investigate intuitive invertible investiture inveterate inviable invidious inviolate invigorate invincible invoke invocation invalidate involute invulnerable impregnable ionosphere ipso-facto irascible iridescent eradicable irrational irredeemable irrefragable irrefutable irregular anomalous irrelevant irreproachable irrepressible irresistible irrevocable irreverent irresponsible irritative irrigate irritability isolable isosceles isostasyissuance isthmus italicize iterative itinerary interjection jackass jackhammer jackknife jackpot jackrabbit jaguar jai alai jalopy jalousie jamboree Japanese jacquerie Jacobin jargonize jaunt javelin jealous jehoshaphat jeopardy jocular jouncy journal jubilant jubilee judgment judicature judicious juggernaut jugular juke julep juncture junta jurisprudence juvenilia juxtaposition kahuna kalpa kamikaze kerf kangaroo karat ken katzenjammer katydid kempt kerosene kewpie khaki kibitz kibosh kilter kimono kinesiology kleptomaniac knell knowledge knuckle kook kowtow kulak kyrie labyrinth laccolith laceration lackadaisical laconic lacunar lacquer lagging laissez-faire lamprey languish lanyard lapidary laputan larceny lariat laryngeal larynx lascivious latent latter lattice latrine launderette lavatory laxity lechery legacy bequeath legend leister lei leisure lemming leniency lentic leopard lethal lethargy lettuce leviathan levitate lexical liable levity liaison libation liberate licentious lieutenant ligament lilac limnetic limousine limpid lineage lynchpin lineolate lingerie lingual liniment linoleum liquefy litany literacy lithesome littoral lizard loath local loiter longevous loquacity lottery louver lucidity lucrative ludicrous luminary lummox lurid luscious lyricism machinator machinelike machismo macrocosm besmirched machiavellian mackerel mademoiselle maelstrom maggoty magisterial magnanimous magnifico maintenance malaprop malarkey malediction malamute malicious malign malinger malleable mandarin maneuver mange maniacal mannequin manure manzanita maquette maraca maraschino marauder marbleize marbly marionette marmalade marquee marquetry marrow marshal marshmallow martyr mascara masochism massacre matriarchy maudlin mausoleum maxillary mayonnaise meager meandrous medial medieval megalith mediocre Mediterranean megalomania melancholy melee membrane memorabilia menagerie mercenary mendacity meritorious mesmeric mesquite metallurgy metaphor meticulous metronome metropolitan mezzanine micrometer midriff mien demeanor millennium minarets minion minuscule minutia misanthropic miscellaneous mistletoe moccasin modus operandi monaural mongrel monotony morgue morose morsel moribund mortgage mosaic mosque mosquito motley mottle mucous membrane mucus mullion multifarious munificent museum musketeer mutable mustache mutineer myopic myrmidon mystique nave narcissism narcosis narrate nausea navigable Neanderthal necklace needle nefarious negligible nemesis neophyte nertsynerve-racking nestle nether newfangled nocturnal nonchalant non sequitur normative Norwegian nostalgic nuisance nullify obedient obeisance obelisk obese objectify oblate oblique obliterate oblivious obsess obsolete obsolescence obstacle obstinate occupy occurrence ocelot odious oedipal officiate ogle ogre oligarchy omelet omnificent omniscient ontological argument oodles oomph opaque operable operative opossum optimal orangutan orchard orchestra ordinance oregano orgiastic oriel oriole ornery orphan osculate ostensive ostrich osteology oust overwhelm overwrought oyster pachyderm pacific pageant painstaking palate palaver libel palette pallet palomino pamphleteer panorama pantheism parapet paradigm papier-mch paraffin paralyze parishioner parliament parody parquetry parsimonious pasteurize pathogenic payola pedophile pediment pendant pendentives penicillin pennant pentathlon perception percussion perennial parameter perimeter peripheral peristalsis permissible pernicious perron perseverance persistent persona persnickety personnel persuasion petite pertinacious pessimistic pestilent pestle petticoat petulant phallus phantasmagoria pharaoh pharmaceutical peasant philander phenomenal philosopher phlegm phoenix phooey phosphoresce physique picayune picturesque piety pilfer finagle pilaster pillage pineapple pinnacle piquant pique piteous pitiful pittance pizzazz placate placenta plagiarism plaintiff plateau platypus plausible plinth plunderous pluvial poinsettia pollutant polygamy pommel ponderous portico portiere portentous prairie precipitous predecessor predicate predilection preeminent preempt preferential premier preparation preposition prerogative presumption pretentious preternatural privilege proclivity prodigious proffer progenitor progeny promissory promontory propellant propensity propound proselyte prospectus protg protocol protuberant pseudonymptomaine pulchritudinous pursuant pygmy pylon python qualm quarrel quarry quash queer quell querulous quibble quitter quixotic rabbet rabbit rabbi radiant rambunctious rancor rankle raspberry rethink rebellion recant recital reconcile redundant referral reglet relevant reluctant remiss reminiscent remnant rendezvous renegade repartee reprieve repertoire repetitious reprehensive reprisal repugnant rescind reservoir resistant resurgence resurrect revelry reverie retaliate reticent retrieve retrograde reveille reverberation reversible reversion rhapsody rhetoric rheumatism rhinoceros rhinoceri rhubarb ribaldry ricochet riddance rigmarole risqu rive rollick Romanesque Rosicrucian rotisserie rotunda rogue roulette rubato ruminate rusticate sabotage sabbat saboteur sacrilege sadomasochist salacious salmon salutatory samurai sapphire sarcasm sarcophagus sardonic sarsaparilla sassafras sassy satiate satirical saturate saunter savoir-faire savvy scabbard scaffold scalawag scarcity scathe scenario scenic schism sciatic nerve scrotum scintillate scissor scourge scrawny scrimmage scribble scruffy scrounge scrumptious scrunch scrupulous scrutiny scurry scythe sedition seethe seismic self-applause seltzer semiporcelain seniority sensible sensual separate sepulcher sequel sequin sequoia serape serenade sheaves serendipityservant settee shabby shackle shanghai shanty shellac shenanigan Sherlock shirk shish kebob shoulder shrapnel shriek shrubbery shtick shush shyster Siamese sibyl significant simile simplicity simultaneous sinewy siphon skeptic skiff skillet skirmish skullduggery slaughter sleazy sleeve sleuth slither slough sluice smart alecksmidgensmithereenssmoldersmorgasbord snazzy sneer snide snivel snorkel sobriety socioeconomic sojourn solder soldier solemn solicit soluble solvent sombrero somersault soothe soprano sophisticate sophomore sortie souffl sousaphone souse spiel souvenir sovereign spaghetti spandrel sparrow spatter sphinx spatula species specific spectacle spectral spelt sphincter spinach spinneret spiritual splatter splitting splurge sprysplutter sporadic sprawl sprinkler spree sprightly squawk spurious sputtersquabble squalor squander squeak squeal squeamish squeeze squiggle squinch squirrel stable squoosh stabilizer stagnant stagnate stalactite stalagmite stammer stampede stationary stationery statue statuesque statute staunch stealthy stein stellar stench stencil stoic steppe sterile stickler stifle stimulant stingy stirrup stolid strafe straggle strangulate stratagem strategy strenuous stretch strident stringent strudel streusel strychnine studious stultify stupe stupefy stupendous special stylus stymie styptic sublimate subliminal submergible substitute submersible subpoena subsequent subsidiary substantiate suburb subversion success succession succinct succor succulent succumb sufferance suffocate suggest suicidal sully sultry sumptuous sundae sundry superfluous superior supersede superstitious surreal supplicate surrender surrogate survey surveillance suspension suspicion sustenance swarthy swastika swath swear sweaty swelter swerve swindle swivel swizzle sycamore syllable symphony symposium symptom syndicate syndrome synonym synonymous synopsis synthetic syphilis syringe syrup suffrage tableau tabloid tacit tambourine tandem tangible tarantula tarot taunt technique telekinesis temperamental temperance thence temporal temporary tenuous tequila terrace terrain terrific terrify tetanus tether thatch thistle thither through though throat throttle thwack thwart ticklish tiffany timbre tirade titillate toboggan tolerant tongue top-notch topographytortoise trauma tortuous torturous tourist tracery tournament tourniquet trachea traffic tragedy tragic traipse traitor tranquility transcend travesty transcribe treachery treatise trellis trepidation trestle trinket triplicate triumphant trivial troglodyte troubadourtrousers truncate tumultuous tundra turbid turpitude turquoise tutelage twixt twiddle twitter tycoon tyke typhoon tyrannical tyrannize tyranny umbrella unfulfilled unanimous usury undulate unequivocally unguent urethra unprecedented unscrupulous untenable unwieldy utterance vaccinate vagary valance valiant vandal variety vehement veldt veneer vendetta venetian vengeance vernacular versatile version vertebra vicinity victual vigilante villain vincible vinyl violate vitality vivacious volition voluminous voluptuous voyeur vulnerable wahine waiver wallaby warble warrant wayfarer weasel wheedle wheezy weird whilst whistle whither whittle whoopee whoopla wistful whither wizen wont worse worst xanadu yowl yucca zephyr zeppelin zucchini extraversion embezzlement euthanasia extortion obscure carousing marauder aptitude ribaldry rigmarole chicanery shenanigans capers antics escapade crafty cunning cleaver connive furtive sneaky stealthy plunderous pillaging usurper pilferous wheedling finagler longevous loquacity derisory deplorable critical decimations tithe cynic frivolity frolic derriere easel emasculate emaciate linguistic depravity berate scold scorn scoff rail rebukenessbrawl vapid hamster spleen sequiter sequacious sequesterous flatulence impressible herbaceous impropriety veneration ignoble fatuous phatic journey acrid pungent fetid fiendness gamut ire irascible graffiti irk tedium diminutive minutia iota iterative reiteration self inductive interpolations objectified interstitial extrapolation trepidation tumultuous tortuous adjunct turpitude salient viable seethe conflagration lexical etymology idolatrous affectionate fondle caress craw swell surge flow flux amorous enamor endear ardent ardor cajole piquant poignant prescient puissant presage apex crux citadel pinnacle vertex vortex matrix climax peak languishing lurid larcenous licentious lascivious squanderous squaloring wallow in the furrow confluence wretched infelicitous trajectory sordid warp strong raw war resume quirkness kinky tinker dink fink stink Twinkie eccentric pinky suit idiomatic cognate somatalogy virtuoso concurrent intemperance obsessive habitual addicts psychosomatic pathological psychopaths diabolically maniacal dementia panoramic tableau tediously meticulous laboriously beleaguering excruciating exacerbation autonomous avarice oscillating ostracism adrenergic analeptic adumbrate obdurate aberrance genocidal xenophobic prospectus personification of sartorial perfection visage picturesque vision of spectral grace picture of positive prosthesis protractive analysis cyborg ebullition ne plus ultra monad cybernetics prognosis prognostication clambering clamorous clangor hectic mayhem pulverize annihilate pompous bombastic query squash squawk squish squirm sprocket squeal squelch staunch statuesque steadfast steep stench stint strategic logistical tactician stratum stolid stoic stodgy viscid tumult stray streaky stretch strenuous striated strident stringent strive structural strut subjugate subjective substratum substantiate subterfuge subvert sultry sulk sundry superlative superfluous superficial syllogism soliloquy superovulation superfluity superfetation superfecundation suspicion swig superstratum sycophant ingratiating surrogate suspension swindle swallow swanky swath swill sympathetic symbolic synapse synchronous syncopate synoptic synectics syndrome synonym syntax systematic larceny lecher oligarchy ribaldry rigmarole intoxicate tangential tectonics tantamount telepathy tantalize throng tactile taint talisman talesman squabble brash torment temerarious terminus thrall torpid torpor torque tousletraduce transform transubstantiate transpire transmute transmogrify transport trapezium traverse treason tremulous trendy trivia trifles trounce turgor truculent tuft turf turbid turgid tussle twain twang twinge twerp twit twitch tweak racy procedure vernacular posthumous spasmolytic propagate prolific proliferative profusion profundity proliferate profligate cogent fecund secund secular thick trick quick mystical silhouette sojourn excursion genre engender jaunt pilgrimage prophet trek waver wrought waxy waylay weave weary web wedge wench wend whang whet whimsical whir whinny whereupon whish whisk whoosh whizbang whoop whorl wield wile wilco wild whence wingspread wiry wiseacre wherewithal rapacity wolf whistle wrath wraith wrack worship wrest wretch wring wriggle wry shyster shylock phone roan tone zone bone hone loan drone known own moan cone done groan koan gnome dream gleam cream seam beamteam serene ravine green gene careen tellurian terrene quaff query quiescent radishes reciprocate raunchy raspy rascal rampant rampage ravage molest ravish rebuke rebuff rend reave recourse reconnaissance reconnoiter rectify recompense rectitude reconcile regime reintegrate relegate rejuvenate remission remonstrance reparation replication reprieve reprisal nocturnal emission repose remunerate resonant retort revelation revision grandiloquence cleft fissure crevasse rift rill robust rouge niche
crack tromp stomp chasm crevice trudge rostrum rout roust row ruckus sagacious salacious sapient satiric sarcastic sartorial sartorius scalawag screed scrutable contemptible scurvy scuttlebutt seditious seduction sect segregant sequacious psychic reverie subterfuge serenade sequiter serendipity shuck shylock sibilant shush signet simulation siren skeptic sleek slick slinky snare snatch sneeze sneer snide smug intrados loquacity spandrel iambic sonorous spatial spatiotemporal telemetry spectral spry spectrum speculate solicitor sprout spoof specular splendiferous sporadic spurt binge spree spunk squalid forte fortitude Gumby emit wartime raw umbrage ultraism ultimatum unary unbridled uncanny unanimous ambiguous biased unabated uncharted articulate deviating undertow congenial feint feign unity predicate unprecedented paradigm unscrupulous brash dire unfathomable unlimited urchin usurp utmost utilize fluctuate vague vacuous vanity vanquish vantage veer vast advent veracity verbatim vertex vortex vertigo vestige vex vigor vitalize virile vicissitude viscous visceral virtuous virulence vital virago vivacious vivid livid splurgeness stag vituperatively vociferous volition void voracity waft vulturine wacky waifs wainscot waive wallah itinerant wand wane lavish wanton wonderlust warrantee warn warp warlock warren wastrel wastage warranty dicker insidiously sinister flagrant verity maniac pack mendacity abscissa ordinate yacht yearn yaw yare yen yelp yin yonder yoni yore yours yolk zany zest zealzenith zingy zooid treatise hyperbolic lingam blasphemous farcical fugueness and estranged ensemble orchestration rendition various assorted forms of related stranger weirdness traveling down this obtusely overt contusion in my vehicular contrivance convection convolution abalone absolute acceptance accurately acquiesce acquire actually adamant additional adequately adherence affiliation affinity against aggressive allegiance although allusions amendable analogous analysis anchor ancient animation annihilation appeared approach appropriately archaic assembler assimilation assuage attain attempts attendant attribute audience aura auspicious authoritarian authoritative barbeque before belligerent binary blazing Buddha bulwark carousel ceaselessly ceremony chaos character charisma Christmas chronological cite classification classify clutter cocoon cognation cognizant comment communal complete conceive conceptual conclusion conducive conquered consciousness constituent construction continuum contrarily convenient corporeal collage creates credibility crystalline culture curious curriculum decadent decide deferred deified deity deliberately delineate deluded delusion demagoguery democratically descriptions desire destroy destructively develop dialectic dictates difficult diffuse disappeared ecstasy ecstatic efficiency elaborate elliptical empathy endeavor engaging equipment escape especially essence eventually evolutionally excellence excitement expectorant expedience experience extraneous extremity faade facet fashions fever flatten forgotten frailty framework gapping glimpse grandiose graphically groan growing hedonistically hierarchy hobby holocaust homogenous hovering ideology imagination immaturity immediate imperative impertinence important inadvertency inapplicable indispensable individually infancy initiate innate interpreters intervene intricacy intrinsic irrelevance jagged kaleidoscope lit literally lose ludicrous macabre minstrel meld mischievous model monstrous mores myriad mystic necessity negativity Newtonian normalcy nuance nullify obnoxious obscure obvious occasional officiate ominous omnipotent oppose optimizes oscillating ostracism paradoxically partially participants pebbles perceive pervasive phenomena portrayal posses preceding pretty prevalent pregnant primitive prism processional progress prominent proprietor psychic psychological purpose pyramid quandary rational receptacle recumbent redemption refused reiterate relatively relativity relevant reminiscent renaissance revere schemes schizophrenia separately sequence serious severe socially spontaneous stalwart stimulus stomach struggle stunned succession superimpose supplement suppose surround swimming switch symmetry sync taubla tapestry tenacious tendency tyrant terrestrial torrential totally tomorrow transient turbulence tyrannical ulterior ultimate universally unwarranted vicious weather yankee whether soliloquy amenity ambivalence ameliorate aggrandize aghast agrapha barnacle gerrymander jasper jasmine obfuscate obdurate castigate metaphysique cyborg appliance intrepid intrigue mystique impetus volition gumption motivation inspiration metaphor parable leprechaun leniency secund hefty endogenous exogenous lozenge irrefragable recalcitrance fecund jaded seal ordinand obdurate aberrance ignominious interface consent imbroglio embroilment lethargy impressionism agitator treacherous lurid allure obstreperously abstruse subconscious squanderous squalid anomalous punitive incendiary infrangible extemporaneous incognito (succubus , incubus) incongruous incredulous indemnify indigenous infernal infidel iniquitous secular funky spunky Rosicrucian epicurean phlegm levity levee lubricious loath loathe frigid fuck clitoris lick fenestration dire sleazy brash crass rash aggrandize tactile acuity bridge rude crude bandy randy monad positive indenture obnoxious obtrusive obtusely overt indemnities annuities cavalier dawdling gallivant bought naught fought caught ought dribble rip zip gig blond entropy catalyst cohort cavort chronological sublime purvey pander meandrous extravagant exorbitance kinky vicarious endear eccentric cognate frolic frivolity fawn agnate aggregate junction function conjunction conjecture conjugation adjunct contiguous constituency cohesive coercion covert maestro maitre d mastoid newel minx murk monad muss muggy mull mirador bartizan musky meager demonstrative anarchy iconoclasm misnomer mimicry minaret mimetic monocracy pungent mordant mnemonics mangle maim mutilate mesomerism morpheme nepotism nurture vexation anxiety vindictiveness vendetta moot void null meringue laconic obliterate papaya proboscis podiatry polemist porcupine palindrome pandemonium presumptive procureness ploy prod paltry pander paphian pummel puny presage felicity parley parturient potpourri partisan peccavi verity goad penumbral platitude platonic proxy photic pharos perdurable preemptory posh perfunctory perilymph phoneme phenetic phantom permeate proximity phantasm phalanstry delusory apparition pietism oviparous expiate vindicate extricateexonerate absolve posthumous prehensile prerogative presumptive prestissimo preterite retroactive primacy prevaricate equivocate primordium primeval puissancepristine prescience prompt prodigious protagonist prurient pyre lurid pshaw guffaw purlin purloin quirk pith quark kinky tip put temerarious userp asymptote pirate tiny hatthief tine slow slide slim hide me effigy infinitesimal slink slick paw
flaw craw claw heuristic swum cuckold climb locuna live slut sly smut sequacious expeditious sequesterous glove glaive glade
dont daleotter glue equestrian gog rift cog gone lean had good gold ride ode sex house pine low law earth tit guilty slime negligent torrentially torrid tortuously tempestuous einzeln function truckness presumptive procureness ploy prod off the line cyborg cylon live antonym exogamous dimorphism pry rap gape homogeny gap dudely cruel incredulity ergo apropos ipso-facto pith tip push where keeky geek peek peep glib jive gawk talk dudely cruel off the line but off it !pit ego colossal incredible fantastic great outrageous amazing fabulous terrific stupendous splendiferous glorious God grandiose orgiastic magnificent ne plus ultra astounding astonishing bodacious marvelous exuberantly ecstatic subliminal nostalgic allusions subordinate ancillary conjectures similar analogous configurations exotically erotic quixotic render proof orchestration rendition unicorn railway mainsail ebullition monad girdle thigh spasmolytic heuristic sartorious sartorial discrepancy amendment rip reave rive tear rend esoteric erudite beleaguer hype synch torque your ringer occipital sync ubiquitous eucharistic oblation obeisance oblate obelisk ubiquitous edifice erection efficacious salacious lubricious sagacious expeditious grieforgiastic paroxysmal orthogenesis overture repertoire quagmire quandary poshly plush lushly lustful longevous loquacity hunky-dory harbinger guzzle gyro gyre exult heuristic awkward humph haberdashery hauberk huarache bourgeoisie dichotomy greave zealot goatee cavalier humerus gumption hors doeuvres coalescent hysterically delirious coercion nullify correspondence corral coral architrave archaeology ardent ardor arduous awry askew asinine altruistic allure allude alluvium aloof egress effulgence ephemeral apathetic anxiety antonym existential exigency exodus expiate esoteric exacerbate evoke exact exult excerpt exorbitance cajole argent apriori arbitrate appliqu aqueduct presumptuous prestige precocious precursor preempt predilection premises premonition preoccupy preponderance prescient pretentious perineum peristyle perpetuity pervade pertinent portent elicit pursuance putrid quasi queasy quaver quarrel rampart ransack voracious rapport ratchet raucous ravenous reciprocal rectitude emanate imminent perdition erudite erogenous scarp lambent reticent vehement auspicious austere consternation construe contingent convection convolution convenient cocoon coerce collaboration collude vacuum vacillate vestibule vicarious recalcitrant repudiate resend resilient resonance purvey wreak writhe wreath fortuitous fulminate fuscous cudgel futurity gable gallivant gallant embellish gauntlet scavenge scandalous scarify scatter schlieren scholarly scoundrel scowl unmelodious scramble scrabble scraggly craggy cephalic fallacious fallible absurd cutaneous synthesis commission extremeconscientious adherent proponent subtlety diligent receive interesting abhorred exorbitant arrangement intelligence surprisingly important encompass contributes asymmetrical excellent elliptical collaboration straddled collapsible spanned feasible oriented pervasive artistry instructor precursor innovate adrenergic adumbrate queasy acclimatize accommodate acceptive accordant accrue accusation acrimony actuarial acuity adduce adjective adjunct admonish adroit aerobic aesthetic prosaic affiliate affluence aggravate aggregate agnate agonize airy albeit alchemy allege allegiance allegorical alleviate allocution ambience ambivalence amenity amenable anaclitic analgesia anacrusis analeptic anathema subordinate ancillary anecdotist animism animosity annulet announce anomaly anonymity antagonize antecedent subsequent antefix antenna anterior pathos antipathy antithesis aperture appall adorn pertain appreciate aquifer arbiter arbitrage arboreal frantic pedantic febrile fanatic quixotic hegira to xanadu frenetic zealot zeal eucharistic oblation occipital ubiquitous omnipresence opulent effluent affluence larcenous overture orgiastic paroxysmal ornithology orthogenisis gleam sheen English bird treacherous lecherous asinine dumb foolish stupid inane ignoramus absurd idiotically imbecilic silly unintelligent dense dingy crazy insane quasi slow epos epitomize epochal era gemma schema lemma jargon idiom colloquialism vernaculars peer quay pier pair appearance insipid vapid insidiously insolent pompously bombastic blatant flagrant chaparral epopee pseudopodia actuator militantly mercenary covert adumbrate intimate obfuscate abet abeyance proxy fugue edict advocate dtente anticipate angary amentia terse inabsentia expurgation imputation impugn exculpate eugenic euphenics incumbent incipient accidence acoustics acquittance amore malign asperse amok amuck allegorist pervert aspect aorist wrist expiate asylum epigynous anovulant antenatal antidote antiquity antitrust antithetical argufy apartheid apocalyptic apologist apothecary apomixis appreciate aposteriori apostrophe protractive analysis parabola avidity liberty concise tine albeit life still arrogance coherent abandon abate abash abase abdicate abduction abject abominable abominate abomination abound abrogation absolution absorption accentual accession accede accessible accommodate accomplice accomplish accrual accursed acerbity acrimony accredit accustomed actuality actuate addle adamant adjutant adventive adultery adulterate adventure adversity advertent adulteration venturesome advocacy eyrie aerie aerial affix affront aggressive agile acuity tactile nimble agnostic agog agonist aghast avid avarice agrarian curtilage Arian airhead peterbrain alacrity alchemize alibi allegation allegory gorge ally allocate aloof altercation ambition amatory prelude amaze amateurambidextrous ambient amble amiable amicable amorist amulet analeptic analgesia analytics anathema android amalgamated anemometry animism annals chronicles annex annul annoy anonymity antecedent arcade armature arson articulate ascension assiduity asperity asynchrony augmentation audible auger aural areola auspice austerity authenticate autonomic astronomical enumeration auxiliary avenge avert economist autonomist autonomy aviatrix axiom avow avouch bifurcate bigamy bend bind bent bisexual berate bereft hype due behave behaviorism bestiality behest bereave beholden biologism bureaucratize circumvent conscribe bacchae backslide backswept badland baddy bagnio baize balky ball hawk balmy bambino bamboozle banal bandwagon baneful banishment bankruptcy banter bandy barbarism barbarous barratry base pay bang bash bastardy bawdry lewd obscene bawdy bawl beamish beatitude beaver beat beautiful bedlam beggary begrudge befuddle perplex behalf beleaguer beneficiary benevolence benighted bequeath bequest berth betroth bevy birth bitchery bivouac blabber blandish coax blah blither blare blazon bleak blear blighter bliss bloomy blot blunder blotch blooper bludgeon gag blurt blush bluster bonkers bosh boulevard bout brat browse brunt brute buck passer buffet bungle bungalow bunk bunt buoyancy burglarize burnish burp belch burlesque bureaucratize sorrowful lamentation baleful caterwaul
true clench closet queen constitution provocative soap menagerie melee cirrus camorra caboodle cabotage cabriole cacophony
cadge cahoots cagey cairn calamitous calculate calibratecaliginous caliper calyx callet cameo campestral canard candid candidacy candelabra candor canker cant canter canteen canoe capitation captivate capture carapace caribous carnal carnival carny cartomancy casque castellated caste castle catacomb catatonic phonics caustic cavernous celibate censor centric centrifugal centripetal certify cervixes cestus chalet chalice chameleon changling chaperone charlatan chary chaste chastise chastity cheeky cherish chesty chide chink chintzy chivalrous chinch chomp choose chortle chromatic chronic intrinsic chroma chump chutzpa chute cinch conciliatory ciliary ciliate citadel citation civility clank clammy clang clairaudience taciturn reticent classify inveterate claudication cloven cleft clich click clinch clement clip clique clitoris cloak &amp; dagger clobber clog clone clonk cloth clothe clothier cloture redolent clout cluck clump clumsy clunk coadunate coalition coadjutor coaster brake coax cochlea chronology inundate tits coexist anachronism coercive coitus coincide collinear collateral collegiate collision collusion coma combinatorics comfycommandeercommensurate comensal commend commerce commence commodious commotion compatible compensatory competitive compile complexional complicity comply connotation compost composure compunction compulsory concatenate concoct catenary concubinage condolence condemn condescending conducive cavalcade confidant confession confirmatory confiscate conformity confrontation congruence congeal congenial conjure connection connivance connote conquest conscript consequence conservatism consistent console consolidate consort conspire contagium contention continuity controvert conveyor copulative cordial cordon cornucopia coup couth coy crag cranky craven cringe crud culminate cumulate cursive credulity credulous infidel gullible diatonic perturbed derogate edict delict rage tirade irate vehemence denouement denounce tire dervish dictatorial diction proof desolate deontology Kant indenture defray detinue douceur amuse disseminate eustachian daft dainty damnify dapper dastardly dauntless daymare dead heat dead horse debauch debacle decadent debauchee decamp declamatory declension decorticate deductive default defeasance defenestration defunct defrock deformacy degeneracy deft deforce hipster mesmeric deification deist deleterious delimit deltoid delve deluge delusion delirious demimonde demesne demiurge demoniac demonetize demonstrable denizen denegation denigration demur demure despot desperation destine despise detect determinative determinism detersive deterrent detest determinacy detectaphone devout devoid detract desultory detrimental detour deviate deviant devastate devotion devious devisee devolution devolve developer dialectic dharma diagnosis prognosis matriculate diacritical differentia diffraction digenesis dignitize dignitary dilly diligence dildo dilemma dilapidate diminution dink ding diphtheria diphthong dent dirge dirk disaffirm discontinuity disclaim discern discord disconsolate discourteous discredit discontinuance discretion discriminate distain disenfranchise disenchant disencumber disenthrall disembody disgorge disgrace dishonest disguise disengage disinfestant disjunct disillusion disinfectant dislodge dismal disloyal disoblige disobey disparity disparage dismantle dismay dispatch dispel dispersive disproof dispute disrupt dissertation disrepair dissipate distillate distort distract ditto ditty diverge divaricate divert divest divulge dominion doohickey dormer doss dowdy doughty dowry drastic douse drat dray dread drawl dreary drippy drifty drivel droll drown drowsy drudge plan dubious dude dudgeon dulcify duct ductile drakeness ducky duel dull dusky tawny dynamic dwelling dwindle derisive bombastic primordial integumence parenthetically pragmatically prosaically practically protractively portion premise portent pervasive perpitude phenomena hierarchy predicate metaphysique endoskeleton ectomorphic dour droll dismal dank dreary bleak stark Electra complex lore epigone epigraph epsilon epistaxis epilation earnest earthshaker earthward earwitness eclectic ebonize electroacoustics ciphony ebullience eccentricity echelon echoic eddy edgy edify edit educe edition eerie edacious effectuate effeminate effete efficient efflux effrontery effluent effusion ego defense eidetic ejecta elaborate elapse electioneer curtail elocution elucidate elegant eloquence Elysium emancipation manumission detinue osteopathy elucubrate emasculate emaciate embark embargo emanate emblazon emote embellish elusive enhance embracive embouchure emergent emendator embryology emit emissary emitine jacquerie empathy empennage emphasis emphatic emigrant empirical emulate emunctory encephalic enclitic yuck junk funky junkies enchant enchain enclosure encroach encrustation encumber endergonic endorse endowment enduro enfetter enforce energetic enemy enema enervate engender engage propensity preternatural proclivity prestidigitation gesticulation equilibrate equilibrium equilibrist preterite rendition retroactive engross engulf enhance enjoin enlightenment enlist impressed enormous ennoble enrichensheathe enshroud ensnare ensnarl entanglement enthrall enthusiasm entice entity enthuse entrap entreat entrance enunciate envoy envy envisage epigynous epigraphy cipher epilogue episodic epitaph epistolary epithet equate equestrian equity equivocal equivocate eradicate erosion eroticism errancy erratic erroneous ersatz erumpent erudition erythron epistemology espalier essentialism progressivism esprit espy estimator estrus estuary etcetera ethnic ethos ethic eternal ethereal eugenic euphenics eustachian tube salpinx euthenics euthanasia evacuate evaluate evasive eventuate evaporate evict evident evil evert evolve exact exaction exult exaggerate exasperate excel excerpt exception exclaim exclude exculpate excursion excuse execration execution exempt exhume exile exhaustive exhibitionism exhilarate exegesis exert exonerate expense expletive explicit exploitation exponent export exposition exserted exposure expound expurgate ubiquitous extemporize extenuate exterminate extensive externalize extinct extort extradition extrasensory extraordinary extol extract exuberate extrude foible fasciculation twitch flinch fenestra Fabian falchion falangist Phillip felly ferro falsie teat fess fink out festinate hussy bustle fourragrere fimbria feduciary fabricant fable fabulist faade facile facilitate facsimile facture faena fain fairing fallopian fallow fascinator fash fatalism fastidious fastuous fatidic fatigue Faustian fatuity faux pas feasible faze fellatio facilitate feline feeler ferocity fertile fervid fervor fetor fetus fetology fetish feverish fester fetation fetch fiat fief fiasco feticide obnoxious fiacre figment fickle fictitious fiddling fidelity fidgety fierce fiestafilch filly filthy finale finesse fingertip finicky fang finite firmament flabbergast fixation flak flashy flagitious flange
flashpoint paroxysmal retrograde flaunt flasher flask flat flap flaw fledge flee fleece fleet fleshy flighty flick flexible flimsy
flimflam fling flinty florid flora floozy flourish flotsamflub fluke flurry flush focalize foist footing foray forfeiture forgery foreign
forensic formalize format formica formulate fornication forsooth forswear perjurious fortify forte fortissimo fortuity forum abjure
abnegation fossil fosterling four flush frame up freaky frazzle frenulum fret frigidity frigate frill fringe fritter frontal fructify fruition frump frugal fuel fulcrum fulgurous fulham sable furor furring brazen furtive fustigate future perfect fuchsia find roan gauntlet gamut gatecrasher havoc glass jaw glare glass eye gabber gadzooks gaff gaga gage gaggle gag rule gainful gainsay gait gala gale gall gallery gallivant gallop galvanic gambrel roof gander gammon garb garish garble garnishment garrulous garter gasp gash gaudy gauge gaunt gavel gear fad gee haw gemma gender genealogist geotropism germinate gestation ghost writer ghoul gig gigantic gill gimmick gimp girlish gist gizzard glaive glamorize glance glaze glean glint glitch gloat globe gloomy glitter glom glob glop glorify gloss glower glutton glum slum glue hue gluteal gnash aphorism adage gnosticism gnome goggle gnomic gold digger psychic golem gore gorge gown gossipy gouge grasp greedy frigid gremlin greave grieve grin grime grim grind gripe grope groom gross grit groin grove grout growl grumpy grunt guck gruntle guide guile guild guilty guise gull gulch gully gunk gushy gust gussy up gulp gusset gush gustatory gung ho gusto gutsy gyne gyre gynecocracy gyve guyaceimnorsuvwxbdfhkltfgjpqyz atheist goblin Godiva grog hang up disinter gamet zygote hunks hunkers haunches black white life death lithe heart rending miserly greedy stingy frugal habitation propinquity habituate hackamore hagride hairbreadth halftrack hallucinosis hamstring handicapper handless hangin hand woven hanker hanky panky haphazardry hari kiri fart harangue harass harbinger harem oviparous residual harmonic harpy harsh hast hassle haggle hasty pudding haugh haunt haversack haversian canal hawk hazard heady heal headway heap hearing hearty heave heathen heavenly heavy duty heft heir heinous heifer heist helix enliven glue hellion helm hemlock hence heredity primitive anachronistic hangover heretical heritage hermit recluse heresy primordial integumence skull hernia hue hex heuristic hirsute hireling ally hint hoar hoard hoax hitch hoist hokey hoot horizon hornswoggle horologist hostile hostage housebreak huckster hovel huff humeral hurtle hustle hutz pah homage homogeny exogamy hone honesty honkies hooky hutch hypercritical hypotaxis hysterics incoercible idiosyncrasy impugn idolatry ileum imagism idempotent ides ichor icky icon ics ictus ideational identity crisis matrix idea iffy ignescent illustrious immaterialize imitation inextremis immanentism immolation mollify impeach impedance impecunious impassion immutable retrograde recumbence inabsentia impious impenitence impinge implore impotent paroxysm impressment impute impromptu impoverish improvident imprudent improvise imputation inanely inanimate inauguration incorrigible inappreciative inconsequential irreverence inconsolably disconsolate irreparably irreconcilable incorporeity ideally ideogram inferential illicit incarnate incestuous inch incident converse incipient incite incognita incommodious incompliant incommunicado indagate incursion incus incumbent indecorous indecent exposure indecipherable indefeasible indenture indictableindicative indignant indiscrete indite indolence indubitable induce indulgent industrious ineffectual inane inert inertia infamy infanticide infest infinitesimal inflect inflict infringe encroach infrastructure inflation influential informant inimical iniquitous innumerable innuendo inquisitor injunction injudicious inkling innocuous insolent insidious insipid inept phatic volatile instigate insinuate instinct intangible interdict intentional interject intimate intimidate intricacy intrigue intrinsic intrepid introspection introvert intrusive intuitive inviolate invade inundate invalid inventive inveigh inure defeasance foist isomorphic isthmus fistula jabber jackal jackleg jag jaunt jeer jerkin jest jetty jettison jiffy jig jilt jive job jack jolt josh jostle joust jovial judicious juggernaut jugglery jumble jumpy junctural jungle junk junkie jurisdiction justice justification jute jutty juvenile delinquency juxtaposition kale kalimba kangaroo court kaput karate karst kayo keel keep kempt kept keynesianism kick in kike kindle kinetic kink kist Klan kleenex kismet kirtle kith kithe kitsch klaxon knack knavery knob knout kobold koan kneed king cogent adroit lollygag lummox languorous lanyard limbus lotic loquacious lesbian lam labial lambaste lampoon landmark bilk lang syne languish languid languor larder larky larvicide larynx lascivious lateral latent recumbent lapel laud lavish layette lecher leeward leer leech legacy legate lefty lest lewd avant-garde levant avaricious liaison libido libertarian lien ligature lilt list lisp liturgy livid loiter loom loophole lubricity lubric lucent lugubrious yuck lunkhead dolt lurk luscious luster luxury lynch lysis legerity lemma lickspittle limnetic ankh maverick mare liberum marabou machete machinate machiavelianism magniloquent macroevolution macrogamete Magdalene mantis mantra maniacal manubrium mares nest maenad majuscule maladjustive malfeasance maleficent malefactor malevolence mash malm malocclusion manipular manifesto mastectomy maw manacle manifest Manitou mana marrow pith manumission constitution marsupial mare nostrum masseur pervade perpitude quark master plan master race mastoid glitch exiguous skimpy scanty sparse masticate matriarchy matriculate escutcheon nombril mere mathematics matrix matinee impetus maxim axiom meatus minimax mediation mediocre medley metabolic meddle mnage a trios menagerie mendacity meroblastic menial meiosis meliorate memorandum memoir memento mori menace mesne menarche menorrhagia meninx mesh mesomerism mesne lord metal methodical meticulous mettle miasma microcosm militia mingy minion koan mirage mire misnomer modality mockery molest mongrel monstrance morbid morose mortify mortise martingale motivity musky mushy murky muse mutuality muzzle myopia mystique mesomorphic nabob nadir narcosis nark native natty navaid necking pilaster neigh neuter neutrino nexus niggle nihilism nimbus nimiety nitty gritty noisome nominalism nonconformity non sequiter nooky noose nostalgia nostrum notch notion notorious noumenon nous nuance nubile nymph nympholepsy numinous nonce obliquity oblivion ubiquity eucharistic oblation obligee oasis oath obbligato obligatory obliterate obnoxious obscene obstreperously abstruse exude obviate ochlocracy odium odalisque ominous awesome omnivorous onerous onus opprobrium opprobrious optimal opulence orifice ornate orotund ostensible osteopathy oust outlier overawe overt ovum ozone procurator pagan palingenetic pallid pallor paragon pagoda palpitate pander pandemic panhandling paraphrase paternoster pathetic paunch pavilion pawky peachy peculiar pedagog pedal pedantic peart peccant peeve perception intuition peremptory perdition perdurable detinue perfective
perfidy perforce periphery perjure perk permeate permute perorate perpetual perpetrate perpetuity perplexity persecute
perspicacious perspiration pertinent perturb perversion pesky perky pester pestilence petrify petrous phalanges juggernaut
phenomenal phylogeny phobic phony photosensitize phrenic physicality chink physicalism pick pictorial pious piety piffle pilgrimage pinion pithy placate placid plaint planetoid plasma platitude platonic plenipotentiary plucky plunderous poach plenary plummet polemic polyphonic postulate pouch polyandry polygamy populist pounce popsicle potentate pout practicable chatter prattle precarious precedence precess precious predetermined predicament preen prelusive premonition prefix preposterous prevail prevalent presumptuous prig prim priority depravation probity prodigious profane promulgate proffered prohibitive projective promiscuity propagandize propagate prophetic prosthetic propinquity prophylaxis protocol proprietous propitious haggard proxemics prosecutor prospectus protensive proximity pummel pundit prejudice piranha punitive purgatorial purificatory putschist kitsch quag quantum jump quarrelsome quarterstaff Quetzalcoatl quickie quirt quoit rescind reverb revile mnemonics retuse rabble rachis raconteur ratification radial radix raffish raft ragamuffin railroad raiment rake ramify ramet ramus rank rancid rape rapper rapt rapture rarefy rarified rave ravel raw raze razzle-dazzle razzmatazz realm ream reap rebuttal rebuff rebuke receptaculum recital recess reconcile recondite recourse recriminate rectilinear rectify rectitude recumbent recuperate recursive redeem redolent refer reek reeve reflective reflex refraction refulgence refuge refuse relativistic reliquiae remedy remorseless remnant repertory replicate reproach reptilian repugnant repulse repulsion rescissory residue resignation resolute restitution retraction restriction restraint resuscitate reticent retentive retinue retreat retribution revel reverberation reversal revert revulsion rhapsodic rhombus rhomboid rictus ridgy rifle riff rigorous ritzy rival roan roam roar rive robust rodent rodeo roguery rollick frolic romp rote rouge rout rubbish rubble rubric rumpus rumor rural ruse rustle Ruth sitzkrieg superciliary supercilious surfeit suture bravo bravado seminal vesicle sacerdotalism sacroiliac sagacious saga safari saguaro salpinx salubrious salvo salve sanction sanctify sanguine sashay satchel satiate saucy savory scads scalpel scandalize scapula scat schmaltz schlep schnook scorn scour scoff scowl scow scram scrounge screak scud scum scuz seclude seduce seer selfish seminiferous senility sedition smear sycophant sensitize sensorium sentiment sequester sequential servile sham shindig shoddy singular screech situate skedaddle skew sketchy skittish skivvies slang slight slogan slovenly slouch sneaky snub soffit solvency sophistic spangle spar spawn spew squall squamous steeple logistical tactician strategy stupor subjunctive suborn subvert the clarity of criticism can create credibility comprehension can cause conducive consciousness supremacy surly burly squirrelly schema temporize tai pan tup trochlea ulna taboo taciturn tacit tacky tact talus tamper tang tamp tangible tangential tank tankard tassel tawny tawdry telepathic temerity telos tenable tenet ternary terra-cotta testy topos tiercel theocracy tempting thew tizzy trite thirl throng thundering tantrum tonic torso topsy-turvy torus tour de force touristic turd tout tragus tractive trance tranquil traject transcend trample transducer transfix transgress transition transposition transude transpire treasure treason trek trenchant tremendous tributary trigeminaltrollop triumph tropic tropism troth trough tractable tract strumpet trove trump trustless tribunal twang tweeze twinge twirl twaddle tunic typecast tyrannical tyrannosaur traction padness tyrant tympanum twist ukase ultraism ultima ratio ultrastructure uglify umbilicus umbra umbrage unabridged unconditional unambiguous unanimity uncanny unceremonious uninucleat union unique unison unity farce sham unmannered unremitting unspeakable upsurge upstage urchin urbanist usherette usufruct travesty usury utensil uterus utmost ut uvea utter uvula utility uxorious usurp surreptitious vagabond vagarious vagile vagrant vagrancy vale valor validate vampire vanguard vas deferens vast vaunt vector venery venial veranda venture verbalist verboten verdant verdict verge vertebration verve vexatious fierce vigil vigorous vile vilify villainous vindicate violent virtue vitalist vixen vituperative vogue vomitus volunteer vouch vulcanization vulturous vulgarism weld slag volume decimate wahoo waive wangle wee weepy welch whammy war wharfage whereof whereupon wherein wherefore whereon wherewithal whine whopper wild goose chase wishy washy wisp woeful wrathy wrought wrong xenophile bestiality fornication phantasmagoria fluent voluble yammer yelp yes man yummy zany zealotry zilch zing zombie zooidal zoom zounds zygomatic contiguous constituency confluence contiguity continuum concurrence conjunction conjugation mtier quintessential
As the caterpillar is turning into a Butterfly
As the Darkest Hour is before the Dawn
As the winter gives Rise to A spring
As In all chaos there is cosmos
Andin all disorder theres a secret Order
That pivotal Moment..
A challenge for us to Thrive in and through Darkness
Such Apivotal Moment !
A challenge for our burning Desire to Rise
Against all Odds!
Pirates and Sailors
Lovers and pretenders
Conformity mantras
Society's joke
For you to laugh in the face
And to Run Your Own Race
Follow your heart
Or follow the crowd
This is the Quest
That's All About
New Ocean New Life
To those who Dare
To Those who Care
You Are not Alone my Wild Mutineer!
An Army Of Angels By your side MY Wild Mutineer!
Go GO And Start the fight My Precious Mutineer!
Who Are they to let them stop your Dreams?
Who Are they to command all these lies?
Who made up these Rules?
Your Brave Heart is Enough for the fight
Your precious heart is enough for the flight
Youre A soldier Of love standing your ground
You're a Blessing in this Earth to be around
Integrity and Dignity no one can take it away from you
The gift from your ancestors to keep it ALIVE
Resist in the sirens song!
Trust in your Deep faith and silent Lion Roawr!
The journey is long the journey is violent
So violent and exciting!
Enter again and play the game
And you will never be the same again
Cut the cords of the past shame
Enter again the brilliant darkness
Your doubts are vanished in the Sun of your Soul
Your faith is leading the way for you to carry on..
Breath Deep and Shoot Out Loud
Victory Victory Victory !
THE GOINGS ON OF THE GREAT BARNEY BROMWICH RANCH
IN THE YEAR OF 1645, A 33 YEAR OLD MAN NAMED BARNEY BROMWICH
DECIDED HE NEEDED TO CREATE A GREAT HOLIDAY RESORT, WHERE THERE IS
A PADDOCK OF HORSES, SO THEY CAN RIDE ALL THROUGH THE COUNTRYSIDE
YOU SEE BARNEY WANTED THIS TO BE PERFECT, AND HE FIGURED THE ONLY WAY
TO MAKE IT PERFECT, BRING IT INTO AN AREA WHICH HAS A LOT OF GREAT WALKING
AND RIDING TRAILS, AND THERE IS A WONDERFUL RIVER, RUNNING, YEAH THIS IS A GREAT ESCAPE
YOU SEE THEY HAD AS LOT OF ROOMS AND RIGHT NEAR THE ENTRANCE, ON ONE SIDE THERE
IS THE LOUNGE AREA, WHERE PEOPLE SAT AND TALKED ABOUT THEIR DAY, AND ALSO
ON THE OTHER SIDE IS THE KITCHEN AND THE DINING ROOM, WHERE PEOPLE SAT TO EAT
AND EACH MEAL TIME, THERE WERE A LOT OF CHINS WAGGINGIN THAT ROOM
MIND YOU IN THE FIRST 10 YEARS, THERE WERE 45 DEATHS, AND BARNEY WAS ASTONISHED,
BECAUSE, PEOPLE RAN OFF ON BARNEYS HORSES, AND NEVER CAME BACK, SOME WERE
FOUND DEAD WHILST OTHERS WERE JUST MISSING, BECAUSE THEY WERE LOST CAUSE THE
HORSE, TOOK THEM TOO FAR, BARNEY HAD A HARD TIME WITH THE SHERRIFF, SAYING, THAT
THIS MIGHT NOT BE A GREAT IDEA AFTER ALL, BARNEY DISAGREED AND SHOWED THE SHERRIFF
TO THE FRONT DOOR AND WENT TO HIS LOUNGE, WHERE HIS DEN IS IN THE FIRST DOOR AS HE ENTERS
THE LOUNGE, HE KNOWS ITS BUDDHAS WILL MAKING PEOPLE DIE, TO END SUFFERING, FROM THESE HARD TIMNES
THERE IS NO MAIN REASON WHY PEOPLE DIE ON ADVENTURES THEY WANTED TO GO ON, NOBODY CAN
ANSWER THAT, NOT EVEN BARNEY, 30 OF THOSE 45 DEATHS, WERE LATER FOUND IN THE DREADED RIVER
WASHED UP ON SHORE, NO TECHNOLOGY TO SAVE THEM, BARNEY WANTED TO DRAIN THE RIVER, CAUSE TOO MANY
PEOPLE DIE FROM IT, BUT THE SHERRIFF AND THE MAYOR AND THE KING SAID, NOBODY IS TAKING THE WATER FROM MY LAKE
AND BARNEY WAS THROWN INTO THE LAKE, HE SURVIVED THAT, BUT HE STILL, FOUND IT HARD AS HIS CLOTHES, WERE
STOLEN, AND IN 1669, CONVICTS FROM ENGLAND CAME TO THIS ISLAND, AND WENT TO THE BARNEY BROMWICH RANCH
TO THREATEN TO BLOW UP THE RANCH, IF THEIR DEMANDS ARENT MET, THESE CONVICTS ARE REALLY NASTY, THEY WILL
DO ANYTHING TO GET THEIR HANDS ON BARNEYS LOOT.
SO THE CONVICTS, DECIDED TO LEAVE WITH BARNEY AS A HOSTAGE, AND 5 YEARS LATER, THEY BURNT BARNEY, AND HIS ASHES
WERE SCATTERED IN THE SEA, WHICH EXPLAINS MY FASCINATION FOR RUNNING RIVER WATER, THROUGH THE RAPIDS, BARNEY
WAS REINCARNATED AS EDWARD TEACH, WHO IS BLACKBEARD THE PIRATE, AND WHEN EDWARD TEACH TURNED 14, AFTER HIS
FATHER THROUGH HIM OUT OF THE HOUSE, FOR BEING ABUSIVE, AND EDWARD STOLE A BOAT, IN THE NEARBY OCEAN, SO HE CAN
BE GUIDED BY THE TERRIBLE DEMONS TO DESTROY EARTH, EVEN THE BARNEY BROMWICH RANCH, HIS PREVIOUS LIFE PLACE
AND HE KIDNAPPED 13 CHILDREN, WHERE HE WILL MAKE THEM STAY IN THE RANCH READY TO BE BLOWN UP, THE KIDS GOT IN THE MIDDLE
SECTION OF THE RANCH, WHERE THE BOMB WILL BE, SO EDWARD AND THE KIDS TRAVELLED THROUGH RIVER TO RIVER TILL THEY FOUND
THE RIVER NEAR THE BARNEY BROMWICH RANCH, YOU SEE, EDWARD TEACH SAID HE WAS GOING ON A SPIRITUAL JOURNEY, YEAH HE WAS
HE WAS BLOWING UP THE BUILDING HIS PREVIOUS LIFE STARTED, YA KNOW IT COULD BE BECAUSE IT CAUSED TOO MANY DEATHS
YA KNOW HE IS CRONUS, AFTER ALL,, WHEN HE ARRIVED THERE, HE TIED EACH KID UP IN HIS BED, AND TWO KIDS WERE, HUCKLEBERRY FINN
AND TOM SAWYER, WHO WERE ROUGH AND TOUGH, AND HUCLEBERRY FINN AND TOM SAWYER, ESCAPED TO BE LOST FOREVER, SO THE
NEXT MORNING EDWARD TEACH SAID, TIED EVERYONE UP, AND SAID, I AM GOING TO BLOW THIS BUILDING UP TODAY, AND THEY HAD 5 HOURS,
AND IN THAT FIVE HOURS, PEOPLE WERE PANNICKING AND HUCKLEBERRY FINN AND TOM SAWYER CAME BACK AND BASHED EDWARD TEACH
AND STARTED UNTYING ALL THE PEOPLE, BUT, THE BUILDING WAS BLOWN UP, HUCKLEBERRY FINN AND TOM SWAYER, WERE BLOWN RIGHT OUT OF
THE RANCH AND INTO THE RIVER, ABOUT 23 DEATHS CAME FROM THAT, BUT HUCXLEBERRY FINN AND TOM SAWYER, AND ALSO, EDWARD TEACH, HEARD
BUDDHAS VOICE SAYING, YOU MUST REINCARNATE, YOU MUST LEARN YOU ARE DESTROYING OUR FUTURE, OF MOTHER EARTH, AND EDWARD TEACH WENT INTO THE
STORE TO BUY A BOTTLE OF WHISKEY TO DROWN OUT BUDDHAS VOICE, AND EDWARD TEACH SAYS, I WILL NEVER BELIEVE THIS STUPID RANCH IS MINE
AND THAT MADE BUDDHA AND ATHENA VERY MAD, SINCE THEN EDWARD TEACH CARRIED ON TAKING KIDS AND ADULTS FROM ALL CORNERS OF THE GLOBE
AND FOR THE FIRST 6 YEARS, EDWARD TEACH WAS TRYING TO KILL HUCKLEBERRY FINN AND TOM SAWYER, BY CHASING THEM, TYING THEM UP
AND THESE 6 YEARS WERE TOUGH, BUT EDWARD MOVED ON, AS HE AT THE AGE OF 22, WAS KIDNAPPED AND BROUGHT ON BOARD A PIRATE SHIP,
WHERE HE GOT THE NAME BLACKBEARD THE PIRATE, AND TERRORISING PEOPLE ON THE CARRIBEAN COASTLINE, AND HUCKLEBERRY FINN AND TOM SAWYER
WERE FIGHTING TO STAY ON THE LAND
THE END
An auspicious feeling sounded the bells
See you, calm and deadly towards the new
I can feel the vibration from my hell
Do you have a name, dear? Where is your crew?
Lonely sailor, you know theese islands well
My tears are already smothering me
Never heard the old tunes. Im on a shell.
If this dark room is my fate, agony.
Today I saw the ship ropes being slit
Wait, where are you going? Dont you see Jack?
As I approach you in despair, I quit
Bang Bang, you shot me in the neck
Who would have thought this miserable end?!
A filthy pirate for which my heart stands
.
( you may )
|| ||
--
--
Moma told me it would be alright
)(
she wakes up
She looks around
She don't know
What she sees
The long hard image of the days to come
The terror in each stranger's eye
::::::
The statue rusting in the rain
::
Our memories soon dead and gone
( she )
The 2 masted ship the the harbor
Pirate flags over Monterey
//
The minstrel boy
Singing o'er the waters
Of the San Francisco Bay
)(
Dream !
Young boys and girls
WE ARE FREE
"""
we are free
//
The solitary girl
Declares the new day
//
She is not a stranger
She sits serenely in the sand
The high bird is flying
Await the rebirth of man
.
Blood on my hands doesnt wash clean as that from my mind.
in temptation we did bask for moments in despair I know
all to well.
A fool to imagine a ghost but in a less than empty room.
Sweet girl dont try to see beyond that which laughs befor you.
Im a shipwreck in low tide.
A vessel to long ive tastedtime in it's bitter affliction.
A page away from a traggedy a night less in thought.
Behind the mask you'll find no reason.
Strangers we shall remain togather in this bed.
My words nothing more than fragment of a driffters heart.
Black and white images sharp tell stories i do not
wish to share.
Wine glimmers in crystal by the fire's light.
Towards a lesser man you lean to fill a need.
Whores of the pen bleeding in thought.
The night's end and a comfort does point without direction.
The shoe if worn isnt all it seem's to be.
Ive cast stones breaking emotions to uncover all
that isnt me.
Sharing less more than friction then with light i'll trace
curves never speaking in my lies truth.
Im a bastard but least im real.
They want a devils fire in trade of a moments
encounter to seethe picture for what it isseldome is as
beautiful as dellusions of a dream.
Moments no matter there timeframe always stay.
like scars there forever on display.
I take pictures only in thought and paste secrets of beauthy apon
my minds cluttred wall.
Whispers of passion regrets I cherish so dear.
Shared a nights velvet inside more than thought.
Although in this moment i share space.
Im never truely here.
And in mornings light just maybe happines in thought.
leaves the warmth in the emptyness behind.
Althougth far from a companion in flesh within memory
you shall exist in this jaded mind.
I tried God,
I tried to be your little boy,
Your altar boy, the tin soldier for you,
Because it was easier when life was a toy.
I have genuflected just to be patted on the head.
I do not cuss, drink, smoke, or gamble,
Aren't you proud of me God? Aren't I good?
It was not easy, becoming a nice guy.
I had to trade in words like passion and faith
For words like duty, responsibility, obligation.
Because I do not love you or your children,
No, I am obligated to them, held accountable.
God my heart feels captive and not captivating,
It feels as though it has sold out and not been purchased
With blood by your Son, the first living Man,
My destiny is one of a Pharisee and not a Savior.
But God make me wild
Because this penance has left the man in me chained
And lets the good little boy, the nice guy, wander.
But set me lose upon this world,
And I will roar as the Lion of Judah!
Let my love run rampant like a wildfire,
Let passion rush from me like a waterfall,
Because nice guys are scented candles,
And good little boys are bubbling brooks,
But your Son was a hurricane
Walk through fire with me, into the Lion's Den,
Silence the voices of kings before me,
Lead me to preach to pirates and live with lepers,
Because the heart of adventure lies in your heart,
And the battle of a lifetime is your lifetime,
And my beauty to rescue is your Bride.
Let me seek your heart and once sheltered there
I'll discover that mine was made after it.
Imaginative energy flows in, around, then out of me and I can see in it the key that opens up the world for me.
Clouds of pirates floating by are dressed as clouds up in the sky, firing catapults of fun filled with laughter at the sun.
Daisies growing in the field for bumble bees to land and steal, then take their booty home to be, made into honey cakes for me.
Imaginative energy the magic all around with me and if your eyes are open wide, come in and join me on the ride.
Boy, you are my anchor.
You keep me from getting washed out into the raging sea we call life.
You keep me safely grounded to a place I can call home.
If home is where the heart is, then my heart is at the bottom of the ocean.
Close to you.
Linked to my anchor.
But boy, anchors partake in shipwrecks.
Sometimes you hold me under until I drown.
Weighted down by this heavy heart of mine that at times you refuse to bare with me.
At the bottom of the ocean I am naked, raw, suffocating.
But when I look up and see all of the crashing waves and angry currents above me as I sit
in these quiet depths,
I realize that you were always my savior.
Under the pressure of it all, at least I can feel.
The ocean knows all pain, welcoming my salty tears like glistening jewels to be buried as legends.
The story of us will travel with me forever as I sail the seven seas.
One thing I can't deny though boy,
is that even when the winds and the waves push and pull me,
like an anchor you never change.
You will always take my breath away.
A spect in the ocean
surrounded by endless sea
One street caressing two great bodys of water
Festivals, lights, and sounds
stimulate your every sense
Characters pave the streets
Some obscene
Some so very unique
This place is unlike anywhere eles
One step in the ocean and your off the map
We are known for the Southren Most Point
Mile 0
Tourist from all over the world
walk amoungst our streets
Each paved with rich history
Pirates,ghouls,andwomen (but you can never be sure)
Shows,saloons,and museums
But amoungst my favorites street performers
At times I forget how lucky I am to live in such a
beautiful untamed place
So many search the waters for years for treasure
but I've found the true treasure is the island itself
I delight in the way you hold me
my dear
and the way you make me laugh,
better than any drug.
And the surface of your skin,
nothing has ever felt so smooth.
Banalities seem not so banal
through the kaleidoscope lens of our love.
We shop for groceries
like pirates searching for treasure.
It's our secret
and no cannon can penetrate the planks
of our ship.
But I have loved others before
and may love another again.
For even ships are subject to decay
with the changing of the tides.
And my heart has many chambers.
(Pedro said,)
When we cross this line between friendship and hostility,
We need a lot of attraction to save our marriage
And to compensate for what's lost; a betrayal facility,
Thus, is created; '' '' Miguel says that something to disparage
(Carla continued,)
Is the contradiction between spouses, which can be useful
When your partner becomes a thought of your consciousness
Evolving in meditation; our passion of love is truthful,
When we understand the things that are discrepant or less
(Carla continued,)
Familiar; Miguel suggests that the idea about
The perfection can be continued in another marriage,
Which can be performed after the divorce;   Bella said that, no doubt,
These tensions being teased by some sex led to zero and disparage.
(Replied Pedro. He continued,)
Miguel and Bella needed each other's opinion
Without expressing any certain aspect of their
Divergent thinking; Miguel could hold dominion
Over your heart because you were vulnerable and too fair.
(Pedro added,)
You took care of your beauty to maintain this attraction,
In our relationship, but your beauty caught his attention,
Because Bella didn't give him too much satisfaction.''
''Her love was based on sense and sensibility rather than
(Carla continued,)
Reason and emotion;  you've made an effort to have a precise
Grace; you use flowers for your body bath while poetry can clean
Your soul; you eat less and move more than others; so, take this advice
And be natural like Eve; you know what I mean.''
(Replied Pedro. Carla replied,)
''I wanted to prevent this tragic end- the infidelity.
Miguel told me that we had never been together as soulmates
While you had thought that my ideas had meant the absurdity
Of the perfectionism; '' '' you pushed me to the betrayal gates
(Pedro continued,)
In order to separate me from Beatrice; every time
I left home, you were wondering if I would do this or not.''
''Our marriage was approved by God; from children we hear His chime,
And your relationship with Beatrice will come to naught.
(Carla continued,)
Miguel was better than you because he chose a platonic
Way to betray his wife; I've just been humiliated
While negotiating my love with Beatrice; so chronic
Were her manners to discourage me, but I've communicated
(Carla continued,)
With you against odds; Miguel had been in search for other
Soulmates; Then, he could admire Bella; God didn't give them
Kids but they didn't divorce 'cause she wanted to be a mother.
In an impure marriage, there's a betrayal I can't condemn.
(Pedro said,)
'' The sin is the occasion for grace while bringing repentance, ''
'' The sin can only diminish this hope to comprehend
Our Lord while we can return to the position of acceptance
Through the pure procreation; without name or end
(Carla continued,)
Is the suffering of our children, and they are innocent;
I lost the idea of perfection while you were living
In sin; the darkness led you to self-destruction; now, ignorant
While living in anger and passion, you need His forgiving.
(Carla continued,)
Being like Bella, I have chosen the human sacrifice.''
''This perfectionism is an illusion and, in reality,
We die all; we are all sinners to give up the paradise.
On Earth, to find the original perfection is a fantasy.
(Pedro continued,)
We can't be rescued. I prefer the peace of my mind
To this fight for salvation; I prefer an ephemeral,
Pleasant life instead of it; '' I understand that you're still blind.
That's why I have a deep relationship with Christ, in general.
(Carla continued,)
I'm forced to accompany you in an aimless journey-
A vagrancy; you forced me to accept this new reality
That would change my destiny; the devil is your attorney.''
'' A need for a sinful freedom lies in your normality.
(Pedro continued,)
You end up ignoring the devil in front of death.
Don't forget that you stay in a haunted house; '' ''I'm searching
For some viable solutions and for the heaven's breath.''
To be a mother is a reality; I'm fighting
(Carla continued,)
To save my family; '' ''your moral awareness leads
To unhappiness and anger; '' ''you provoke me to fight
To keep you while using sarcasm to banish all my needs.''
''This method keeps my rivals at bay; '' '' you insult me despite
(Carla continued,)
My faithfulness; you use this jealousy to make me love you
Unconditionally; '' '' Christianity can't bring the man
To the initial Eden; so, love me as I am, though
I'm not your Adam, Eve! '' ''Pedro, I am your woman! ''
(He embraced her and started to make love with her after so many years.)
(To be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
&lt; O &gt;&shy;
(
)
&shy;^^^
<em>&shy;</em>__
In the shadows sideways
Hey boy
Watch for the police man
//
Where do ye think you are ?
Where do ye think you are ?
//
//
We goin
We goin
We
Goin away
We goin
We
Goin away
///
The Pirate
He goin away
All of the Lovers
Theygoin away
/:/
To the streets of far off places
Where freedom wears a human face
//
Thru the shadows sideways
Ahead of the police man
The wily pirate and all lovers
To the streets of a foreign land
When I was young
My old Dad said
Keep thinking on your feet.
Dont lose your head
And fall in love
With the first cutie you meet.
I always tried
To pay good mind
To what my Dad always said.
To let his words
Find a proper place
In the good part of my head.
But Dad never told
Of seductive types
Who were after your paycheck.
They can smile at you
And then turn your life
Into an emotional shipwreck.
They act shy at first
Butter wouldnt melt
But wait until a few dates later.
They finagle and flirt
And then do you dirt;
Make you ready for your creator.
I learned to slow down
And ask many things
To learn what she is all about.
Now I dont find myself
Laid out on my floor
Gasping like a dryland trout.
Daddy was correct
When he advised me
To move slow and be wary.
There have been many
Of comely young lassies
I am very glad I didnt marry.
I aint like those any other story
That you put on a shelf
And read whenever you please
Im not the kind of story
That collects dust
And wait for someone to pick me up
I always try to find my way
In every way possible
In every human I meet
In every heart, bones
In every ink my pen produce
In everything I see
I am that kind of story
That kind you cant leave in the best part
That kind you will cry with the worst part
That kind you cant forget even if you tried
That kind of story you will be wondering why
I am that kind of story
Im a best seller
A limited edition print
A classic
A nonfiction
A real romance
I have battled dragons
Pirates and Evil queens
Uses magic to conquer them
By all means
I am that kind of story
My intro is soft and sweet
Altered chapter
Read between the lines
I promise Ill patch the conflict
And build suspense
For now enjoy my climax
Cause Im still rewriting the ending
I am that kind of story
But you still put me on a shelf
Just to purely fill space in your library
Someone else has come around
And never put me down
He have seen the value I see in me
He go beyond the cover
See me as more than pretty words &amp; poetry
And come back &amp; find Im gone
Not a trace of my ink, my page or my words
And youll realize
I was best story youve ever been apart of
because I am that kind of story.
Qu'il est joyeux aujourd'hui
Le chne aux rameaux sans nombre,
Mystrieux point d'appui
De toute la fort sombre !
Comme quand nous triomphons,
Il frmit, l'arbre civique ;
Il rpand  plis profonds
Sa grande ombre magnifique.
D'o lui vient cette gaiet ?
D'o vient qu'il vibre et se dresse,
Et semble faire  l't
Une plus fire caresse ?
C'est le quatorze juillet.
pareil jour, sur la terre
La libert s'veillait
Et riait dans le tonnerre.
Peuple,  pareil jour rlait
Le pass, ce noir pirate ;
Paris prenait au collet
La Bastille sclrate.
pareil jour, un dcret
Chassait la nuit de la France,
Et l'infini s'clairait
Du ct de l'esprance.
Tous les ans,  pareil jour,
Le chne au Dieu qui nous cre
Envoie un frisson d'amour,
Et rit  l'aube sacre.
Il se souvient, tout joyeux,
Comme on lui prenait ses branches !
L'me humaine dans les cieux,
Fire, ouvrait ses ailes blanches.
Car le vieux chne est gaulois :
Il hait la nuit et le clotre ;
Il ne sait pas d'autres lois
Que d'tre grand et de crotre.
Il est grec, il est romain ;
Sa cime monte, pre et noire,
Au-dessus du genre humain
Dans une lueur de gloire.
Sa feuille, chre aux soldats,
Va, sans peur et sans reproche,
Du front d'Epaminondas
l'uniforme de Hoche.
Il est le vieillard des bois ;
Il a, richesse de l'ge,
Dans sa racine Autrefois,
Et Demain dans son feuillage.
Les rayons, les vents, les eaux,
Tremblent dans toutes ses fibres ;
Comme il a besoin d'oiseaux,
Il aime les peuples libres.
C'est son jour. Il est content.
C'est l'immense anniversaire.
Paris tait haletant.
La lumire tait sincre.
Au loin roulait le tambour...?
Jour bni ! jour populaire,
O l'on vit un chant d'amour
Sortir d'un cri de colre !
Il tressaille, aux vents berc,
Colosse o dans l'ombre austre
L'avenir et le pass
Mlent leur double mystre.
Les clipses, s'il en est,
Ce vieux naf les ignore.
Il sait que tout ce qui nat,
L'oeuf muet, le vent sonore,
Le nid rempli de bonheur,
La fleur sortant des dcombres,
Est la parole d'honneur
Que Dieu donne aux vivants sombres.
Il sait, calme et souriant,
Srnit formidable !
Qu'un peuple est un orient,
Et que l'astre est imperdable.
Il me salue en passant,
L'arbre auguste et centenaire ;
Et dans le bois innocent
Qui chante et que je vnre,
talant mille couleurs,
Autour du chne superbe
Toutes les petites fleurs
Font leur toilette dans l'herbe.
L'aurore aux pavots dormants
Verse sa coupe enchante ;
Le lys met ses diamants ;
La rose est dcollete.
Aux chenilles de velours
Le jasmin tend ses aiguires ;
L'arum conte ses amours,
Et la garance ses guerres.
Le moineau-franc, gai, taquin,
Dans le houx qui se pavoise,
D'un refrain rpublicain
Orne sa chanson grivoise.
L'ajonc rit prs du chemin ;
Tous les buissons des ravines
Ont leur bouquet  la main ;
L'air est plein de voix divines.
Et ce doux monde charmant,
Heureux sous le ciel prospre,
panoui, dit gaiement :
C'est la fte du grand-pre.
I tried so damn hard to forget you, so hard.But you telling me how long you've been here waiting just shows me why I held on so long.
It just shows why I scavenged ever piece of the shipwreck that floated up to the top.Those were the enjoyable memories, but the anchor is still at the bottom of the ocean.
And that is why we can't fight this any longer.face it, neither of us can pull the anchor out of the water anymore.
When the sun sank low in the midday sky
And the clouds came in from the south,
He knew that the winter was coming in
And it made him down in the mouth.
With a hint of rain in the morning dew
The breeze cut in like a knife,
And he went to fetch the firewood in
For the sake of his invalid wife.
She sat and shivered before the hearth
When he opened the outer door,
As the wind whipped icily round her legs
A trail of leaves on the floor,
My love, be still, Im lighting the fire
And youll soon be warm by the hearth.
I fear its settling into my bones
And Ill soon be deep in the earth.
Youll not get away so easily,
He said, and gave her a smile,
Well settle this ague with bark and tea,
Ill heat your bath in a while.
Id rather not leave the fireplace
While my thoughts are making me brood,
So put your spill to the wood fire, Will,
Then sit, and lighten my mood.
He lit the fire and he made it roar
And he checked each draught, at last,
Jammed the rug right under the door
And he made the windows fast,
Then he sat and held his Helens hand
That was freezing to the touch,
And said, Now winters sat on the land
I neednt go out so much!
She smiled, and ran a hand through his hair
And said that she loved him so,
Tell me a tale of foreign lands,
It will help the time to go.
So he plucked a single hair from his head
And he said, Each hairs a tale!
Then he told of sailors swinging the lead,
Of mariners under sail.
He told of pirates, walking the plank
Of treasure chests in the deep,
And saw that she was slumbering there,
Was slowly going to sleep,
He sat beside her all through the night,
Was piling wood on the fire,
And nodded off in the broad daylight
Right next to his hearts desire.
The squalls came in, it began to rain
And the rain then turned to snow,
He only went out to chop some wood
And to make the cabin glow.
Each night hed sit there, holding her hand
And hed pluck a hair from his head,
Now heres a tale from a northern land
Where the snow lies deep, he said.
He thought that shed get better in time
And he brought her gruel and soup,
Fed her a tincture of laudanum
Made from the opium group.
But she still sat listless, pale and wan
And she slept more than she woke,
Though he plucked a hair from his head each night
And he whispered as he spoke.
He spoke of the place that lovers go
Away from the world of cares,
Of bubbling springs, and diamond rings
And a love that everyone shares,
But the snow outside was packed in a drift
Right up and over the door,
He couldnt get out for the firewood
But shivered, asleep on the floor.
He woke next day when the sky was grey
With the cold set deep in his bones,
And looked at his wife in a mute dismay
For he knew that he was alone.
The undertaker was there by ten
With a coffin as cold as ice,
And he wept as he plucked a hair from his head
And wished her in paradise.
They buried her down in the cemetery
Not far from their cabin home,
And every day he would make his way
To her headstone, on his own.
The snow had finally melted when
They found he was there, stone dead,
Draped all over her headstone, but
There wasnt a hair on his head.
David Lewis Paget
Et tu Brutus?
Betrayal of the greatest.
Just like our friend Judas.
Sat and watched you lose us.
It was a sunny day,
And the pool was all Sparklin.
We had some pizza.
Our favorite was cheese.
I was young but older than you,
Brothers we were, surrounded in a world of new.
We went outside, our first mistake,
Played around, like pirates, we would fake.
Then if just for fun
You threw it all in, your diaper into the din,
Being your elder, I brought it back on,
So the game went, over and over.
So the die was cast, together,
As I brought your diaper out,
Of the aqua blue pool.
Who would ever know, that I was the fool.
Out of reach this time.
Out of care.
How could I protect you now,
I barely had hair
I should have been there,
Shoulda been me,
Why did you feel,
You should be,
The one who jumped after what was lost,
The die was cast, and alone you lost.
I still remember,
Even now,
The look on your face,
Under the waters curtain.
A look of pain,
Maybe of peace,
But mostly questioning,
In your blank debeing.
Long I sat there,
Long, I misunderstood.
Long, I called for you,
Spencer return with your hood.
Sank you did,
As did my heart.
I got my mother,
Shock tore her apart.
Still now I ponder,
Still now I wonder,
What could have been,
If you never wandered.
But the failure was mine.
Im the big brother.
It should have been me, instead,
You fell to the Oceans daughter.
Now I must add myself, to this short list.
And if you find yourself asking this,
Et tu Justin, be not remiss.
For I have sinned, my brothers last kiss.
Looking out from the launch
Swans were gliding on by
There were boats on the water
And more birds in the sky
Kids were down by the boatramp
Sailing boatsof all kinds
they were captains and pirates
At least in their minds
The small lake was covered
With vessels galore
And up past the boat ramp
You could rent out some more
Paddle boats sat tied up
Waiting till late in the day
When the weather was better
And the swans were away
Further on up the shore
Sat an old french fry stand
The fries were just perfect
But, their burgers were bland
Cotton Candy as well
Made their menua treat
And the old carny posters
Made the building complete
When the park was first christened
seventy years or so back
The fry stand was opened
They just sold "Cracker Jack"
As time passed it added
More items to buy
Like their bland old hamburgers
And their fantastic fries
The posters were left
From an old carny show
They had amazing old pictures
Of the geeks, so you'd go
To attract some attention
They stuck some on the side
Like "Phillip" the lizard
And his hairy faced bride
Away just a bit,
Were some rides all closed down
There were bumper cars, zipper
and a train back to town
They were all closed and shuttered
And weren't used any more
And the train had stopped running
Not long after the war
By the boat dock, a building
Full of lockers to use
There was just enough room
For your clothes and some shoes
A quarter would rent one
If you wanted to store
Your valuable items
While you went by the shore
In the afternoon sun
When the kids came from school
You could buy some balloons
And get face painting too
Clarence, just Clarence
made balloons every day
He made whatever you wanted
And took whatever you'd pay
He'd paint up their faces
Make them scary or sweet
And he did it each day
with clown shoes on his feet
Clarence, just Clarence
was there every day
He showed up around lunchtime
In the heat of the day
No one knew Clarence
By any more than
Clarence, just Clarence
The smiling old man
For thirty odd years
He'd come down to the park
Showing up around noon-ish
And not leaving till dark
He took what you'd pay
For his air filledcreations
Making creatures galore
From his imagination
He'd buy fries for his lunch
And a coke to wash down
The bland hamburgers
That were just flavored...brown
He created more smiles
Than anyone by the lake
Painting faces for children
He never made a mistake
His wasn't a fortune
But at the end of the day
He'd made money and smiles
And they were worth more than pay
When the boats were all stored
And the fry stand was closed
All the boats were locked up
And the sidewalks were hosed
Clarence, just Clarence
took two quarters in hand
And he went to the lockers
Behind the boat rental stand
Inside, there were showers
And a bench just to sit
And he'd open two lockers
And he'd think for a bit
He'd wash off his face paint
Change his clothes of the day
Then he'd switch them for others
He had lockered away
See, Clarence..just Clarence
spent his life in the park
Making smiles in daylight
And he slept here when dark
He locked his persona
In locker nineteen
And he took a small pack out
All camoflauge green
he left the small building
And went down by a light
There he spread out the contents
Of his pack, for the night
A blanket, one pillow
Just the size for his head
Then on the hard bench
He'd lie down...go to bed
He'd be gone the next morning
Before the park saw the sun
He would gather his pack up
And he'd be off on the run
As the weather got colder
He'd find a tropical place
To find one more park
Where he could paint one more face
He'd leave here each winter
But be back in the spring
His life was a circle
You know...that has a nice ring.
So, Clarence, just Clarence
made balloons and made smiles
And he lived in two parks
Spread over miles and miles
No one knew Clarence
Or just where he came from
but Clarence, just Clarence
will be missed when he's gone.
Working hard in a town of one
Slave masters forcing work to be done
The sun beams down on my skin causing it to be cooked
The whips upon whips feeling more like a pirate hook
Blood running over my scars that never heal
This is my experience feeling for real
Plantation owners laugh like it is no big deal
Yet the wounds of hurt is how I feel
My soul cries in the Lords name
Its the Devils wrath being the blame
My eyes often question why am I a Slave?
Why am I being forced to behave?
My skin color being what the Lord created
Yet the superior thought with eyes of hatred
The night moon being the lantern among the many prayers guiding from Heaven
My prayers sustaining into battle cries
Yet the hope that continues for me to be wise
The biblical songs of ones hope
The musical words in what helps me cope
I am a person with a right to be free
God is the answer and leader who holds the key
This is our spirit as slaves between the marvelous thee
The sunrise I cannot see, but there is a horizon that shall be
There will come a time, we as slaves wont be beat anymore
I see the vision like a seashore, and its prayers definitely for sure
One day the slave master will be the one to be beat
God is our shield that will conquer defeat
A town being a silent one
But our continued prayers that will never be out done
Being a slave for years, but it is true wisdom that will help preserver.
I am a leviathan
I love like a shipwreck.
I am warm darkness
in the belly of the beast.
I'll swallow you whole.
I am envy,
I love like a sea monster.
I am calm and terror,
the rusted anchor
at the pit of a drowning
man's stomach. I am
salt water, flooding your lungs.
I am years of tempest
and unending rain,
I am an oil spill on black ocean.
I am windstorm; I smother, I take,
I love like a death sentence.
lawyers don't use dictionaries... they use thesauruses... why would a lawyer use a dictionary in the first place? to get a concrete meaning? i hate how novelists are still prone to use that infernal tool... if a dictionary is a compedium, having precipitated from philosophy, and how the encyclopedia is a precursor of the scientific method... then the thesaurus is nothing but the end result of jurisprudence... that branch of philosophy that doesn't really have morality as the central piece of its care for a compass... the thesaurus exists for the sole purpose of man exercising "law", or as the poetics of Moses said: you will "know" the "difference" between good and evil... clearly the conjunction <strong>and</strong> means we wouldn't know, hence the existential either / or... but more precisely: between neither good or evil... of law and the thesaurus and the juggling circus act of synonyms and sharpening flint stones... and looking for words, and shallow ground and a bias for a fully established mono-personnae vocab with a dictionary.... or at least that's how i like to think of it: that the basis for humanity expressing a moral obligation of law is settled by creating a counter-intuitive fluidity of language... the holy bible of the strand of philosophy that deals with moral will, i.e., jurisprudence, is set in the thesaurus... there's no point referring to the dictionary and law books... i'd discard the dictionary completely... after all, dictionaries will never teach you anything rhetorical... you begin learning law by learning to avoid the dictionary, and equpping yourself with the thesaurus, no wonder i once called it <strong>thesaurus rex</strong>, the idea that humanity has any foggiest about expressing law, rather than finding a law, like that of gravity, is precisely why the scaffolds took to the stage, and the guillotine in the french revolution...but i am capable believing man can bake a decent loaf of bread... not so naive in a belief that all law and justice stems, as it does indeed stem, from a book, like the thesaurus.<em>
i have a very due exposure of what a 21st century
poem currently looks like: i write horror,
but i wait for the music to become translated...
aren't we the ones to write
the most kept, most worthwhile
secrets the next man might
wish, or care to encounter...
i write under the one pretense
that modern people don't
dive into amnesia of forgetting
classical music, as i know
they will, when they only listen
to classical music in cinema...
a *vide cor meum</em> from hannibal
(cassidy),
or from seven...
bach, g string &amp; violin concerto no. 1...
at least applying classical music
to the genre of horror in the cinema
can lace us to universal memories...
tender hands, oh such tender porcelain hands...
bitten by the frost...
bitten by all except my teeth and lips
to dare perform the custom of lip unto knuckle,
like a knight,
bound to receive the slap across the cheek...
so much less with ego-ego bonding...
as much as Hegel might presume...
that my love to no gravity of womb be secured
the imagination lost with the reactive
tendency for sperm-count...
and how horror really is the basis
for ensuring movies are filled with music...
if so much of life is equipped with having lost it...
unless we're sprechen deutsche Dante..
or what's left to claim there was a spark
of believing the nearest of touches with
Michelangelo depiction of the gemini architects...
<em>juliusz sowacki</em>: the clad angel,
<em>szatanio</em> -
who's books i never read, and instead read
<em>Kraszewski</em>, or so the world is understood to be left
in the mechanism of constant continuum...
but this is only an imitation poem...
how cruel, how unkind, the world surrouding us,
that our friends become our enemies,
and that after, so few and ever fewer to be accounted
for are asked to be friends, or can be...
how i will never life in Venice,
or Tuscany,
and how i can be laid naked and senile,
not having a venture into these pockets of paradise
as a tourist,
how can such places remain intact as fictional
oasis, enclosed in history books, and there
be read about, among egos and bookwoorms,
and have one soul, eager to think about them,
not having trodden a single banknote of pavement
in them, to not have bought a cup of coffee in them...
it's a sadness realised, and never forgotten,
but at least never beaming to have been
undone from such an arithmetic, as to have done so...
with only two words as remedy:
Kant &amp; Knigsberg - it almost begs to revise
the concept of nationalism, starting with the stated
example, as the face to resemble local avenues
lost, or foremostly undiscovered.
localism, first, then we can gain the gateway toward
nationalism, and the drift, the tide;
only when things are assured to have taken to
local "journalism" can we explore a world,
and thereby a happening / being in it...
what Kant lived, heidegger excelled in describing,
just the local, the mundane,
the: if you don't have what you like...
be content with what you do have, and be content
with it, as if it were something you would like to have.
so much concerning the study of being is formulated
upon the basis of <em>not having</em>;
to me being is <em>not having</em>...
not possessing; so much of being is about
not having, not possessing...
why pirates always overshadow the adventure of
clinging to the seas...
why pirates are the worth romantics easily translated
onto the silver-screen, and why admiral become
shoved and scarecrow stuffed into libraries with
dust and bookworms that wish:
that a moth might wake up, when a book it opened.
that it becomes self-evident that it's better
to possess and have, and not-be, than it is to be...
in that layering that's known to be man,
we're last in attempting a human feat...
to ascribe ourselves being human,
is to describe ourselves having roles...
for by not ascribing ourselves the role of man,
we act with impetus to congest the world
with <em>have</em>, for there is no possession
in the ethereal, or with god alone... and that means:
yhwh will hardly translate into the n.e.w.s. or
the crucifix vector with the satanic lie from mt. sinai,
as the chinese are ready to prove
not being convinced, or converted...
only by acting with impetus to congest the world
with "having" it, claiming ownership of it,
can we act by deviating from claiming the sole role
of being men, and therefore like an oak
reduced to tooth-picks, call claim to
the industrialisation of meats, pork, beef, paultry,
and lay our foundations for the seemingly
countless examples of occupying space...
and the professions that come with it...
until an enzyme akin to space-time emerges,
and as technology catches up to our comforts,
and says: we have to insert a revision,
a limit, a robotic schedule for the jobs that
are, well... pointless...
then we worry... what with taxi drivers and uber apps,
and bus drivers and robot steered cars and the Docklands
light railway...
and why lawyers will always be there,
a bit like us, dictionary prone, and them,
stretching the contempt for humanity having
a content for prescribing law as if contending for having
invented gravity, and using nothing,
but a thesaurus...
they should have just said it! cunts!
there is no basis for jurisprudence working from
the 0 of a dictionary, a 0 meaning: plateau...
sea-level... jurisprudence does not even
acknowledge the existence of a dictionary...
when poetry, philosophy and all the other arts
use the dictionary as a reference point...
jurisprudence, or the practice of law
only uses the thesaurus... as do some writers,
who try to look smart for about a second
when they're looking through their recyclable rubbish
of a novel that takes 3 years to write:
milk bottle, tin can, milk bottle, amazon wrapping,
newspaper... law: same shit, different cover.
harboring buzzing inside this overcast
nest, there's a helpless admittance to this distress
obsess over fine lines and broken silhouettes
chipped away at my nails
until they were sharp enough
to defend myself
atop uneven shelves, my eyes close
strained swallows. escape with the length of these meadows.
panic has pulsed a new beat in my chest
a polluted first chapter, in the beginning of the end.
unlearned lessons in lengthier sessions
defeating all purpose I've stood for and time on this earth, it's
the foundation never built
just imagined in cheap plastic
eventually all that's left is collapse.
Eyes wide and blank with programming haze
only difference is a different day
ingest anything to escape, these lines traced
for us to follow. such a hollow structure
caved in to the point of where i stand.
alone, fragmented, cold
but standing. selfishly involved. stubborn.
outcomes of the aftermath have become
less of a concern.
and more of a contrast.
learning absolutely nothing
inner violence has trespassed
over all else. scratching out numbers
and names, all facts dissipate
rummaging pores on my skin
trying to locate the best vein to deflate
we can't hold on to what doesn't exist
pawns; we run circles, we destroy and we fix
we can talk and pretend
that virtue remains. optimism for a minute
I've outgrown this ignorant mindset.
regretful intellect igniting a shipwreck
hope is wrong.
sunlight is lost.
Salty rancher spackle is to Earthy diva smackers as Swinging hotel number is to?
Rippling cling bread is to Three lizard chariots as Indigo lime tangent is to?
Nighttime reunion planet is to Nettle lane scuffle as Soaking spider rum is to?
Fancy trance logs are to Sticky fudge lather as Vivacious gator college is to?
Cheerful blossom face is to Secret tractor rocket as Canned gremlin emblems are to?
Jealous pitchfork generals are to Heartbreaking patchwork veranda as Folding robot noise is to?
Pretty rhino rash is to Lost locket vengeance as Back pocket weather is to?
Frosted candy sidewalk is to Sneaky kook code as Shiny waffle smoke is to?
Sapphire cloud romance is to Magnetic comet lava as Blue triangle envy is to?
Vanishing honey melody is to Thermal elf pajamas as Whistling iceboat shampoo is to?
Peach mint politics is to Frozen doll pennies as Rusty anchor catapult is to?
Swollen pony fever Throbbing sword kazoo as Silent turbine science is to?
Obese germ thunder is to Stacked lemon towers as Corrupt moon jockey is to?
Demented insect whistle is to Glass trophy cleanup as Purple geode bubble is to?
Nighttime razor slime is to Lacquered dragon maps as Tint paper mittens are to?
Sexy camel drops are to Velvet hooker shoes as Slippery red muffins are to?
Flying hot drool is to Pale chocolate telescope as Tin trumpet ballet is to?
Expensive puppy speed is to Flowered duck mirror as Cosmic needle factory is to?
Fractured laser doodles are to Cracked butter gravel as Rubber holster straps are to?
Majestic panther fortress is to Jeweled cork target as Iron swan taxi is to?
Poisonous pepper bouillon is to Erotic goat soap as Chrome feather pirates are to?
Digital gorilla scriptures are to Timid hunter stench as Frozen domino video is to?
Eccentric troll opera is to Transparent wax village as Spoiled coral agony is to?
Bizarre green metal is to Pillow eating hamster as Leather cavern flaps are to?
Eternal hurricane evidence is to Powdered rainbow perfume as Smoking yellow prune is to?
Liquid wish cleanser is to Exploding meadow ladders as Brittle rose hammer is to?
Caged foam filter is to Cherry balloon string as Ivory cactus spider is to?
Carbon puppet watch is to Sad kings compass as Elastic lace whiskers are to?
Nitrogen trolley dust is to Lazy elephant toffee as Orange toad choir is to?
Dark pole zodiac is to Blue finger blanket as Illegal bug nozzle is to?
Stinky towel cookies are to White jade caskets as Sticky snail tea is to?
Converting stellated caramels is to Mythic aerosol socks as Rubber raspberry jokes are to?
Flying clock carousel is to Whisky nut worms as Plastic fish platforms are to?
Queasy Vaseline queens are to Moody pigeon pills as Aqua mice fur is to?
Spotted bowl shadow is to Idiotic radiance lotion as Bungalow toad hearse is to?
Gushing chimney fungus is to Funky lamb acrobat as Utopian pimp sprinkler is to?
Twinkling bungalow tablet is to Botanical duck rope as Bug hat ram is to?
Broken clock fossil is to Black ginger confetti as Parisian cobra meatloaf is to?
Silly Xerox ribbon is to Obedient raccoon carny as Traditional cat linguini is to?
Last astral advisor is to Elastic badger riddles as Broken circle rifles are to?
Bagged squire channel is to Temporary mosaic cake as Ancient bacon thread is to?
Wireless math army is to Moronic neon money as Pearl razor radar is to?
Rubber buzzard blizzard is to Troubled bubble wizard as Crushed hash cracker is to?
Purple birdy cure is to Tangled frost blossoms as Silken bridal saddle is to?
Unisex owl accordion is to Sugar bottomed boat as Optical nougat treasure is to?
Flavored saline rain is to Black arrow clan as Transistorized clam guitar is to?
Sharpened twig scar is to Mutant beet sonar as Baked troll mask is to?
Boxed noodle secrets are to Traditional guru buttons as Glossy marshmallow strategy is to?
Vibrating melted jelly is to Silver furniture dream as Spewing collated seats is to?
Burnt mountain pickles are to Baby preacher shoes as Sympathetic pilot pain is to?
Narrow portal treaty is to Monkey warehouse vacancy as Painted tornado trap is to?
Porch penny sulfur is to Glowing pony fat as Patched mattress bait is to?
Frigid waitress fallacy is to Graphic shrimp salute as Misted sneezing window is to?
Moist apple moss is to Daddys zoom seed as Downtown Pope cart is to?
Tired felon trickle is to Holographic squirrel candle as Wild ray hay is to?
Deadly zero chalk is to Folding wilderness chart as Curved cracker vacuum is to?
Hollow porcelain pellets are to Strawberry rain stencils as Microwave taxi nomads are to?
Wasted machete balcony is to Crumpled creature confessions as Fridge fuzzed fruit is to?
Sloppy demon damage is to Squeaky puppet chuckle as Mental arcade combat is to?
Monster trout stories are to Lewd pirate cocktail as Locked mammal grommet is to?
Rotting rope network is to Tragic toy goat as Cotton submarine shoes are to?
Complex pepper dance is to Stoned cloud cushion as Marching taxi holiday is to?
Mental petal collectors are to Spooned barn putty as Dork factory fiction is to?
Hot spotted tops are to Timed stepping pests as Yogurt notching tartar is to?
Crazy dog comics are to Ambitious cartoon sphinx as Pavlovs zinc ballet is to?
Soiled spinster wedding is to Padded razor wound as Floating fish map is to?
Slippery leopard pants are to Perfumed nut button as Dart wizard party is to?
Needy alien elephants are to Barking garden gnats as Quasar focused paper is to?
Slanted heart slut is to Bronzed cliff sandals are to Cunning jockey jokes are to?
Dirty thumbprint massage is to Holistic princess memory as Sliding dental sword is to?
Drifting wood whistle is to Fluorescent carpet powder as Foam dragon whistle is to?
Chopped web shadow is to Immortal vermin soup as Collapsing porch conspiracy is to?
Stolen thunder chant is to Haunted comet heart as Swollen throat portrait is to?
Fragrant frost parfait is to Grumpy caveman sex as Random stingray solo is to?
Squeaky polar turbine is to Silent lava fever as Oversized lunar fulcrum is to?
Synthetic dew droppers are to Pocket poster paste as Hypnotic screen dog is to?
Symbolic whirlpool nausea is to Dreaming tree phantom as Log badge bracket is to?
Camp hippo map is to Horseradish seizure insurance as Distant insect mirror is to?
German lady sherbet is to Stuntman laundry wax as Hungry butterfly ghost is to?
Fly smudged foil is to Amped maze coil as Shifting optic terror is to?
Automatic sheep floss is to Panoramic tanker anchor as Throbbing bone pillow is to?
Mutant clown village is to Nightmare translation treasure as Spotted spectral chakra is to?
Blind roach tweat is to Hermit worm tiara as Divine logo ritual is to?
Glueless gun stamp is to Malicious spam pump as Floral toffee pods are to?
Dudgeon mist removal is to Menacing bolt smacker as Boating duke shadow is to?
Costly metal plungers are to Creaky buzzing gushers as Glowing star cushions are to?
Raked barge sludge is to Crusted cream glitter as Zircon gutter babble is to?
Fake gold scholar is to Amish playboy mogul as Faithful moron choir is to?
Sacred limo prayers are to Fried mice caf as Splintered rectal thimble is to?
Dealing rabbit decals is to Pelican bongo festival as Patched equator rot is to?
Freedom gourd gasoline is to Cobblers studying acorns as Desecrated dice crater is to?
Tattered tapestry rod is to Busted particle scanner as Bogus piffle catalogue is to?
Trifle truffle raffle is to Last lamb laminate as Segmented cake goggles are to?
Domestic tackle tactic is to Ticking tic talk as Cordial corps coordinates is to?
Tucked duck caftan is to Sunken ramp ruckus as Wretched ranch rhetoric is to?
Clearly incomprehensible directions are to Useful archaic nonsense as Antiquated skeletal outline is to?
Bewildered beasts feasting are to Lazy busybodies resting as Vaccinating brave volunteers are to?
Lucky wagon dragons are to Famous gargoyle gargle as Formal postman funding is to?
Furrowed shroud chowder is to Borrowed tartan pajamas as Martini mixed algebra is to?
Cowgirl balloon helium is to Chewy glucose habitat as Stationary monument movement is to?
Diamond powered powder is to Diagonal diameter diagram as Purposely condensed expansion is to?
Organic iodine capsule is to Gleaming beach probe as Dominant dome static is to?
Shaving wrinkled targets is to Petting sensible monsters as Selling invisible whiskey is to?
Frozen piano architecture is to Note dotted clouds as Screaming Korean worms are to?
Sonic plant website is to Telepathic climbing clam as Bored protein exercise is to?
Gourmet mollusk cone is to Numb poodle caravan as Asian raven radar is to?
I am left in the forrest to die, a battered runaway slave, until a swamp mambo saves my life with some herbs and love over time, but I cannot let go of the fact she brought me back from the precipice of death, so for the rest of her breath I serve and protect her with honor and respect.
I am an ancient Chinese nobleman betrothed to a bride for more money and land, except I'd rather spend the time with a common woman because she makes me feel and opens me up, but in the end I choose the power, and to my horror the bride has the woman's family removed from life.
I am a suave satyr, a boisterous and joyous half-goat who prefers the light of night, a rapscallion nymph chaser whose frenzied bacchanalia rife with wild orgies an ecstatic fucking even though a had a penchant for this shapeshifter whose eyes lifted me beyond an echo in time.
As an oracle, I am only beholden to the gods though I don't think the Kings and Queens understand my sister and me. Our feminine bodies flicker and dance in shadows, embers aglow as we flow between each other's souls and worlds to bring words of wisdom through smoke visions and hieroglyphic poems.
I am a Viking, tired and hurt, our ship burns as my bloody body is momentarily buoyed in the frigid watery deep, proud yet ready to sleep until I realize this is my final battle yet won't reach Valhalla as I drown, the freezing drink slowly chokes my veins, the sound fades.
I feel free, a wild dakini gypsy between dimensions and time, with my sisterly crew of hypnotizing pirates making no bones what we want from the clients as our razor sharp bodies and piercing eyes cut through souls so we may outshine each other in stories and diamonds.
I only say what I say
to say again
what I mean
but in the end
toward the end of time
they promised all shall be mine
so at that time
and then again
we shall be together
but not as friends
Dare I wonder
and bother to dream
of tainted nights
clouded with steam
from a shower before
heated with
passion all it's own
When again shall it be
that we may be free
to see that it was meant
to be
what seeks to see
what it all means
When will it end
so I can say again
that in time
all things are well
and seek to see
all that entails
having it begin again
Should I wonder
should I believe
should I ponder
should I be set free
this dream becomes me
and I fight to see again
So blinded
as I am blind
but not to things behind
I have always sought to be
more of what was meant for me
and when I see
that it's all free
I know it's for me to be
as I have been
and always wanted to be
But at the end
there's ne'er a shout
for nay,
the twain shall meet
and seek
in a world of it's own
certain wonder
Stillness
like the cold of a winter's night
setting fire to certain desire
and one desires
only to dance like pirates bountiful
majestic
free to be
as they please
The sun rises and wakes a morning yearning
Like corporate cattle cows to slaughter, we leave to earn our meals
The sun is now at its highest we eat, but our ears are burning
Whilst blunt babbling bosses bellow orders, to feed egotistical wheels
The sun is setting now, we crave our sleep, we're yawning
But lengthy long logs and lists amount, as time it likes to steal
We are now at our twilight, and the cracks are finally showing
Whilst our plundering pirate pathetic leaders, go eat their gluttonous meals.
to the young privateer.
the captain kidd &amp; his bought n taut gang of holy bluffs.
they bribe and imbibe and swoon on the dock-way looking for a quest or two or three
to dream and bury their doubloons in island guts like little mysteries. little sundowns
over a rixdollar indian ocean.
let them take a turn.
destined to mutate from private to pirate, the kidd, like blackened rotten wood.
fucking frigates.
the ship:
with her bob and sway. she is, the adventure.
&amp; her song is calling out for a rapturous few,
for men ready to die on the highwater mark by glory or fire or dead glorious sun.
so they put her brass and bough to seafaring days,
the sweet galleon, barely wet, yet
completely riffed to voyage.
she is
from the shores of london. built. designed to kick 14 knots under a full sail blast.
&amp; she will bite.
shes in calm waters.
the kidd savvy toothed and butterscotched, he awaits the big show,
engorged to set forth the play like wily ocean dervish &amp;
they do.
they do proceed with benefactors coined and crunched on postulations of pirate death &amp;
pirate gold. reclaimed honor as they say. the hunt for pirate teeth.
&amp; with official pass and parchment, high-throne approved,
king willy III stamp &amp; sealed,
this voyage is.
this voyage is and forever was, hereby charted, to recover said stolen goods.
to reclaim thy warrior vanity &amp;/or vengeance.
to noble this shit with pinched loaf, like now.
set sail. now.
1696.
fuck them navy yachts at greenwich, the thames be ours, boys.
slap ass and flick thumb toward those armada sons,
&amp; as tribute
smoke balsam herbs on the starboard side for the mother she and the father be.
but for this slight,
this dishonorable silly shit,
one third of adventures men are pressed into service of the crown.
[continue.]
the adventuresome few, petty crew and crows.
steal the heart and mother-meat of a french ship. steal everything onboard.
steal the ship itself.
&amp; on her way to new york, new boon, pure and entered into the new world.
there are new men bought in the american port,
good men and odd men of long criminal legacy.
a small black vicious quartermaster. hell do.
a murderous preacher gripped by stars and celestial patterns. he speaks spanish. hell do.
another type of holy man and a wild drinker too, embattled by demons on the port side. sure.
plus the dock-boys destined to kill for fruits of exploration.
this is the way of the son of a gun.
the boatmen jockeyed. she is
the adventure
prancing the vertebrae of atlantic and beyond. cape of good hope, she
breathes easy out here on the wide tide and float.
out here on the vast blue this. she
evolves
out here. loves out here.
pirates.
the hunt for pirates or the lack thereof. she leaks.
she rasps into the years on. and on.
the kaleidoscope hallucinations of sun and moon, sun and moon, and moon and sun
forever.
the strait of bab-el-mandeb.
&amp; there
she plunges into darkness, into the stars seen from and through a periscope formed
by ancient hominid lineage.
seen but untouched,
in dreams. the kidd, reluctantly lime, admits to his madness.
madagascar.
malaria and cholera and hell break the boat by the throat.
&amp; thrash.
to be organic is to be ruled by a shadow, or entropy.
the mouth of a red sea.
one third of the men will die here.
simply as insects crushed and brushed off deck and into to her great spate of agua,
the mother gush.
her earth.
body.
father,
hear his whispers in the mirage.
the ancient mariner, the ancient holy ghost riming down there.
in destitution.
in a rough and soggy life squeezed and making men weird or violent or both be damned.
the kidd goes cold to hot sweating noxious.
turns pirate himself
out of sheer hunger.
out of sheer need to eat.
sets the boys like dogs upon a frigate of east india company men,
or french shits. either/or/or/either/or.
he &amp; the boys are in a madness swirl of sun and heavy guts.
cuts to spill blood
or gold. this tender bit.
lip bit
&amp; tested.
captain kidd fractures the skull of a deckhand named moore,
for bad attitude and giggles. moore gets death.
chisel on the deck.
&amp; to think we are all troubled by some primal trauma.
some dumb thing called death, that is.
men starving, men dying, men falling in the vast black that is that eternal void.
dream of women and riches in the meantime.
fortunes.
1698.
savage kidd, cool kidd, cool spit
off the edge. to think of the once soulful idea of these paradise days
&amp; trip.
savage to cool.
the two divine modes of a survived man.
a ghoul man, or aging man.
&amp; to keep control of his crew kidd sets them upon the quedagh merchant;
a 400 ton armenian hulk chalk full of gold, silver, satins, and muslin. tis booty.
renames her: the adventure prize.
madness quenched for now.
charmed for now
&amp; on the horizon are fragrant times. blissful distance.
but robert culliford,
with his mocha frigate. this man, this suave pirate lord, his vengeance act.
he had stolen kidds ship years back, &amp;
the captain opts to cut his throat.
take the mocha.
keep calm &amp; carry on.
to paradise.
to dream of her cool warm beaches and fruit forever, peacefully thinking.
so that night they two drink together in good health, and in the morning
most of the men defect to this other man, this other ship, culliford.
other dream,
other captain of true buccaneer effect.
act 3:
13 remain in the galley firm.
this is the house adventure.
&amp; she is burnt alive three days later for rot and ill repair.
but she was fun,
&amp; a bitch.
a stitch of old woodwork given-in
&amp; crackling with the eyes of her crew seen in fire.
kidd steps the pond to caribbean times with the adventure prize, toad toxins
&amp; high on the jungled shore.
he trades that colossus, flips her for a sloop and seven little chests of gold.
little bellies.
the island-gut doubloons to bury.
dream, remember?
but the men-of-war are after him now. the privateers &amp; hunters &amp; devils dogs.
the men he once was.
men of marked death.
&amp; he is now some pirate, some forthright bandit
settled to kill or be killed.
some sad kid.
first: buries that treasure up the coast of america.
oak island rig.
cherry rocks of the maine bank and booby-trapped pit.
the hunted.
they catch him on an inlet piss, and sail back
to london to be tried for crimes against the crown.
the high court of admirality.
1701.
they hoist and gibbet his body with worn chains above the river.
not for piracy, but for murder.
the murder of that strange deckhand moore and his giggle.
kidds bones
suspended there for three or more years at the mouth of the thames,
as warning
to the perverse travails of a criminal lifestyle on the highwater pond.
Down by the ocean,
under the sea,
no one can find me.
I can be free:
Free from the troubles
that get me down,
floating weightless,
no-one around.
So many treasures
longing to be.
Little sea creatures
talking to me,
telling me secrets
I've never known,
how stars in the water
cause them to glow.
Sotto il mare,
provondo il mare,
the shipwreck is calling,
I'm leaving it there.
Coraggio nella vita.
Courage for life.
I was standing at my laptop, tripping, when the thought hit me: <em>the reason we're so infatuated with technology is born of our yearning for control.</em> What a lovely illusion to cherish, knowing does not detract from its merit; it sedates me wonderfully.
Ah but <em>perhaps that's why Facebook is so addictive, as it lies in between ours and others spheres' of control. We push and pull, trying to hang on to these puppet personas.</em> It's unendingly stimulating.
Virtuality offers us everything, and it's easily abused. So,
Here's something to always remember about the internet:
<strong>Once you put something online/out there it is no longer yours</strong>.
Yes, this applies to your words, you cannot control interpretations
nor can you prevent the theft of your world. Unlike reality,
<strong><em>Virtuality knows nothing of material scarcity</em></strong>,
The limit's the bandwidth and there be pirates aboard.
What am I if not begging for someone to come steal me? Take me away!
I don't have a name, all you can desecrate are these emotions I crave.
I'm writing these things because it stops me from killing somebody but
by all means, appropriate me, my work, my words, my world.
Maybe you'll add a bit of value to it, and <strong><em>god loves a data-whore.</em></strong>
On a final note, sometimes I am really afraid to be myself
because sometimes I think I'm a monster;
But I am getting better.
So there you go.
You snooze you lose...
It was something like that they used to say...
But I was always sleep deprived.
Mentally blocked.
Insomniac of some sort that would wake up 3 or 4 times in the night....
You don't learn anything unless you really pay attention.
Awareness.
Subconscious.
Culture.
It's remarkable.
Most people do as others do.
They don't recognize their individuality until their married with four children and a mortgage an then decide they wanted to be a pirate or a movie star when there life is half way over.....
Not knocking those types of people. I thank god they eventually found their movement or had the courage to begin writing that novel that took them 10 years to think about.
But being 21...
I don't know who I am.
I'm not too sure of what I'm looking to be either.
Most of the time when people ask me what are you like or what do you like, I say... "I'm a great kid"... "And I see things differently"...
That's about it.
Life has many stepping stones for us...
Sometimes we trip on similar stones without even noticing...
But I do know that my life has always gone forward...
And my downs don't go that down anymore...
Well last week I was down.. But that's because I didn't what the hell was going on...
But once you figure it out...
You can utilize the tools you were blessed with emotionally, spiritually, and socially to then go ahead and review your issue....
The bible says the god an the devil will test us...
I disagree however...
I don't see it as a test really...
I see it as an evolution....
You cannot grow without change..
I believe the test itself is to not emotionally charge your reactions to certain things and begin viewing them from a more logical and analytical perspective. ...
But that is a test of the "flesh" ... Not of the almighty...
The almighty is within us.
He loves us.
He adores our souls.
He wants us to change, to grow... So we can be with him/her/universe.....
I think the real question is...
Are you willing to write about it?
NEVER MIND-ING
YOUR BUSINESS WISH THAT WAS TRUE
NEVER MIND JUDGING
NEVER MIND
SEEING THE REAL
CUS THEY RATHER B DESTRUCTED FROM
ONLY WANT TRUTHS THEY CAN DEAL WITH
NEVER MIND THE WATERS IMPURE
NEVER MIND
KIDS STAVING IN OUR BACKYARDS
NEVER MIND
THE HATE THAT CAUSES GREAT PAIN
NEVER MIND THE WORLD'S IN DISARRAY WHILE THE MEDIA ONLY TELLS US HALF TRUTHS
NEVER MIND OUR KIDS MIGHT NOT SEE OTHER DAY CUS THE CRIME AND THE HATE
YEA NEVER MIND
SEEMS THESE PRECONCEIVED NOTIONS CAUSE COMMOTION
NO ONE TO SPEAK OUT R STAND THIER GROUND
FIGHTING FOR RITE FOR LIFE
NEVER MIND MY THOUGHTS HAVE THOUGHTS OF THIER OWN
NEVER MIND
NEVER MIND
SEEMS TO B THE THEME OF THE POEM
KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
I got some,
'Sin to admit,
crimes to commit,
words to vomit,
'bout to lose it
So, Ay you!
Oy, Crack that drum,
gimme some rum,
make my face numb,
make me feel dumb
Cause I got'
Some shit to steal,
people to kill,
dank drugs to deal,
and pirate appeal
I<em>
Crested by the infamous gown
during a tributeto all digestible,
&shy; sentient,
grown strips of light
playing splatter off the sockets
&shy; of fishermen birds,
who can no longer ignore all
the puppy dogs and kitty cats canned
&shy; in squeeze tubes.
Now every corner of this landscape--a puzzle-piece room
designed to think in shades
and seasonal plume dances.
</em>The usual beautiful* late evening
has become clotted with hip hop Down's Syndrome
mixed with jazz Dual-Personality Disorder.
Vampire Hades' skull evacuated of bloody power,
&shy;a scene of literal watercolor
wh&shy;ere moods collage with paper rings
on their stubby tongues. An unfixed saturation,
&shy;clean oils
&shy; split
&shy; like the parting of hair
Alice's pirate boy, her beauty is parched of tomorrow,
&shy;a wolf for a blood-red moon
that works like a farmer
to
th&shy;e water.
Let us all that are wild
quote the stormy truth thatshifts the particles in space
"It is all in the direction a flower grows,
educating a sea of doubtful faces--to the cruelty of nature
Close the brutal mind,
&shy;unless your eyes are flame-proof, Alice."
--It is yours to consume
but it is relatively us that belongs to the consequences--
&shy; Churning coffee water,
reenacting romantic bloodshed
to addicts in attics
&shy;--jostling war heroes
back to this side of the looking glass.
--coming back to their tempest
of cremated breaths--a den with no one
&shy;to sing with.
Sad Alice,
always sad Alice--mud on her face from the Dead Sea's end
of immortality because Death is albino.
<em>II</em>
The top of the day,
&shy;negative space
has a dying voiceas it lies under the boot
of the night sky
&shy; watching stars.
"Simply tomorrow is right there
above the mortals," Sweet Alice
speaks, "To the many heavens
its&shy; overpopulating the fields."
The earth needs its cotton blankets.
Fresh air accents symptoms --dancing on slick gravel
at 10:18 at night with a pale, pompous view of someone else's Paris.
Crocodile roads spit up by patterned archipelago drags,
updating the scream, "think more about going off the edge of hair and the last number
after twenty shots of anesthesia." The culture of Spanish sun denial devolves
the fig tree
novel delights.
99% of the fear that saturates the throats of people is a blonde tumor.
1% of the love is too passionate to contain the fires of field cotton.
<em>III</em>
end of immortality
accepts her trying to escape her pirate boy
but tones of nostalgia prevents the revival--a war with God, herself,
&shy;trying to escape looping Paradiso,
factory vents malfunctioning forth
the guts of Inferno. Purgartorioplots on
&shy;erased continents
&shy; rolled down lamp shades/ everything is useful,
waste nothing.
Republics spawned in damp pits stamp bargains on trust
ringing each solo anthem as one: I saved you,
&shy;feeble beast.
&shy;I saved you,
&shy;dear lonely and you didn't care.
&shy; I reserved us both
&shy;and you cast me back
&shy;into Dante's imagination.
&shy;I saved you,
&shy;you feeble child
&shy;and you burned
me&shy; with your
wo&shy;rld.
Weaving Alice, calm Alice lies in a dingy on the river Styx,
cobwebs fit to her feet like rank shoes
she gave her children when they were born malnourished
---starved of insurance money, mouths agape
for the silk heart of their father--an image of a moth in the shape of a human pelvis
with&shy; alligator mouths on the wing tips. They shared
--Alice and him--those wings like scribbles tied together on chalkboards
&shy;
&shy;--places to venture--
Your Wonderlandia, she spells, a wasp's nest
of combs
in a hive locked
in with the others--concave atlas skies.
Alice smiles with inebriated
country boys
tossing comrades in the natural flow.
Richly blonde Alice, admires the impression
of the night
once charred dreams,
now volcanic forests.
She glides on a dingy
across the luscious joy
--lubricated veins in atheist's beliefs
don't get lost here, just new places to venture.
Beneath malicious eternity, on the River Styx
&shy;
the boy she adores
all of a sudden, she steals his hat,
looks into his double-barrel eyes,
sees how sad
she makes herself--like a mother tired of brushing
&shy; her daughter's hair, looming tears
&shy;extend beyond widows
&shy;to the water.
The pirate boy says
his friend isn't far up the river--she cries through her hand.
Hopeful Alice prays, smiling, hoping everyone goes to Wonderlandia.
The pirate boy never finds his friend
but keeps his promise
and takes her away from Euphoria
&shy; --the cranium loss still fresh.
.To the poet, it's rhyme before reason.To the beast, a world with four seasons.To the pirate, high seas without treason.To the comedian, Jackie with no Gleason.To the snowman, there's no life before freezin'.To the tissue, there's no use until sneezin'.To the window, please let a spring breeze in!
This is the kind of note I hope you all have an addition to..

I think I've come to a realization. Just watched "waking Life" for the first time the other day and I've ALWAYS been super curious about dreams. The many discussions with my roommate Jenay Breden the many talks on deja vu with Ben Masters, and many others, I am open with dreams and like i said very curious and good at asking questions (To me it is kind of wrong because I feel dreams tell A LOT about people so I am getting all this information from someone and they think they are jsut telling me a silly dream that means nothing.) A dream is an opening into your soul and psyche. Its very personal yet can be profoundly universal.. Anyway, I had a strange dream last night: (haha though all dreams are strange)
but the premis of it was a personal moral I feel I had to overcome at this moment in time..

not all dreams are the same, it might not be a moral, but the conquering of a long journey. For example I've had many a re-occuring dream where I would be on a quest and every time I have not completed it but the next time I dremt it I got further. Till one night I will complete it, then not have the dream again..

about half my dreams are scary on all sides of spectrum, from having family in danger, to other dark things.. to monsters, to death, running from someone/thing, to real-life-stuff to not-so-real-stuff, to parkouring in a mansion while my friends and I throw random objects at each other (i know.. what? haha).
Random dreams about things I desire, or fullfilment of life goals (one time I wrote a song on the piano in my dream) or the dream I had about swinging on the vines in the jungle before my bday.
Such as adventure dreams: flying is a huge thing i do in my dreams that I savor each moment of. A very-young-me dream was I was a sto-away on a pirate ship, but it was fun to travel through the maze of hidden spots..
Or maybe other dreams that aren't so much scary, but things I fear happening. Like a boyfriend cheating, or losing money. I mean, we all have these dreams.
My girl Ashleigh was telling me how her and her boy, had a similar dream the same night.
I see random people I know, and people I don't know.. yet
Such as deja vu. Ever since I had the theory a couple years about deja vu being a dream you once had, I have only encountered moments that attest to this.
Almost every deja vu Ive had I remember it being from a dream.. How can your mind know what is going to happen in the future?
We all might have heard that our mind and the universe are one. In many ways you know. examples: positive and negative affirmations, how the way we think spans subconsciously to others (when you're thinking of someone and they all of a sudden call or text you), we are all connected, etc
SO, if the universe IS our mind (and our souls are connected to this unvierse, to each other) and the universe has no time, because how can you put a tangible definition to something intangible, (i also got that from reading "universe in a nutshell" by Sir Steven Hawking).. then the universe/your mind, already knows the many paths your physical self can take in future, past, and present.
But WHY then (always my question:WHY), why then would it want to show you this glimpse into 'the future'...?
I will leave with a lucid dream I had one night:
a re-occuring place in my dreams I've noticed is a housing complex that is many stories tall where many people of many different ages and ethnicities live.
In this particular dream we are being chased not by zombies or aliens but a mix of the two, they look like the creatures from 'I Am Legend'.
I first noticed I was 'just in a dream' when one of them was chasing me up a flight of stairs and i fell, on my butt hands and legs scrambling up I saw it come for me and kept telling myself to 'wake up wake up!' and i might have for a second or two but then right back to sleep. When i realized there was no way out of this and that it was: 'MY dream, i could do what i wanted with what I had' (sound familiar to one's waking life? hmmm) before this whole moment I had run out of amo and had no gun so was at a lose to be easy prey. I was in the basement with everyone else of the house or others who had run in for shelter, and the beings were on their way downstairs. All of a sudden I thought 'there is a gun on the person in front of you and it is loaded' i grab the gun and with excitement but uncertainty I shot at the beings, and sure enough, they one by one fell down. WE were all, now, safe. Then it cut to a scene that we were all at a bar dancing and celebrating. haha
I am excited that i have lucid dreamed before but its not like once you do it from then on you are capable of it, it is very rare for me to lucidly dream, but still very exciting.

Please Please coment and tell me ANYTHING relatable to this. your dream, your thoughts, your theories, your deja vu, your disagreements.. I am very intrigued. I would create a blog somewhere but have no idea where to start, so i started here..
I tagged people I know and love and people i've noticed who have also taken interest on any subject I've mentioned.
Sorry for anyone I missed but please feel free to comment anyways if you see this and are not tagged
my heart beats to the thrum of the surf on the hull
the rain patters on the slats of the ribs in my back
water everywhere and i would drink it all
The Vail of heaven opens and the dew of oasis falls, no pain and gain, the parallel world of diacotomy.... Let my dictionary judge me...
I ponder on an obscure universe, while we blow in the vain of the Talibans.
So you plaguemy future with your fault, I do believemy vessel are thick and powerful, fire and brimstone.
Literally hear my voice while you crack a prank,while listening to my voice from a tripod,the villain came in summer.
I live powerful with my universal blessings,even your young 'pirates' wouldnt hold in,i came from above, I kept watching ,I bring blessings to all.
I wish we looked ahead,the voice of the voiceless, a mirage we all know well ,regardless I bowl in a million Silence let the crowd talk... Let the few assume.
Here's a little Nugget on a pirate ship
sailing away to where all the pirate's sit
Give them a taste of this sleepy buck'a'roo
And by the way, I love you
Here's little Nugget on a itty bitty boat
sailing away through the muddy, murky moat
With little sleepy eyes and some mud on'is shoe
just remember that I love you too
There goes Nugget on his super duper raft
ridin' through the rapids going super duper fast
Closing his eyes and off he flew
and by the way, I love you
Khadjibey was controlled by the Ottoman Empire
As part of Yedisan in the Silistra Province.
To build a fortress named New World was the Turks desire.
Carla said, '' This meeting has been chosen by Providence.''
Carla concluded that Geraldine was American,
And Geraldine did not understand the confusion.
She learned Spanish from the Jews, who were Spain citizens
Coming to the Empire to avoid the conversion.
''My father lost a lot because of the plague and disaster, ''
Said Miguel, ''half of my wealth was gone in the warfare.
We thought to immigrate to a new world moving faster
Than this one in which we were living as lost in a nightmare.''
Cruz asked him, ''Why didn't you try your chance for a new life? ''
''I wasn't strong enough, and my son died in this war made
For the Spanish succession after the King Charles death; my wife
Still grieves for her unique child; our life cannot be repaid.''
'' In Gibraltar, the property that had been taken
By force became British; we moved to Barcelona.
The power balance mirrored those widows standing forsaken.
Let's cheer this Grand Alliance! Its as the sun's light corona.''
'' The Anglo and the Dutch kings used the navy to open
The Strait of Gibraltar needing the naval power
In the Mediterranean.'' '' Guess what was broken.''
Said Bella, '' our transatlantic economy shower.''
''By the Treaty of Constantinople, our Russian
Forces had been withdrawn and Zaporozhia lost all
The army protection, '' said Ivan, ''then, our discussion
Was to sell our goods and to leave a life that apart could fall.''
''In the Holy League, Russia joined Austria and Venice
To drive the Turks and to sign a treaty with Poland, ''said Cruz.
''Those horses have never met the steppe, '' spoke Ivan with menace,
''Leopold I helped by the Turks that Partition could refuse.''
(Geraldine and Erica were talking on the deck.)
''His father was a soldier coming home after many
Years of serving the czar; he found that his wife was dead and
Ivan lived with an aunt spending money but not having any.''
Geraldine was speechless for a few minutes and stunned.
''Erica, why did his mother die? '' ''She was the wife of a serf.
She was a subjugated slave labor for a lord.''
''Was she beaten? '' asked Geraldine while dampening her scarf.
''She had been raped before she took her own life with his sword.''
''Who's sword? '' ''The lord's sword! He was drunk when he beat and raped her.''
''It was a matter whether she overcame the pressure
Of the peasant village where his mother lived not to err.
She died, but I'm sure she loved Ivan with no measure.''
His father took Ivan home and worked a part of that lord's land
As a serf, barely leaving time to cultivate
The land allotted to him while taking care of his child.
Ivan didn't go to army, but asked me to immigrate.''
(Erica, Ivans wife, ended the conversation while starting to cry.)
(to be continued...)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
I got lost in the waves today
While you swam through my mind
I saw you in all the cracks of this underwater shipwreck
Your jaws clamped down around my heart and drew blood
And now that you've smelled that blood you've come back for more
I can't get you out of my mind
I'm floating out to sea without you to save me this time.
I am the product of two naked bodies
That no longer intertwine but are now
Only seen as broken vacant homes and empty parking lots.
I grew up in shells as big as mountains and bathed in salt water tears of grief
Hoping that my loose skin would hold tight and dehydrate
And then maybe for once I could put my thoughts aside and sleep at night.
I've been haunted my whole life except when I close my eyes and dream of you and all soft and vibrant things that relate to you.
My body is a broken vessel that I've been piecing together by other broken shipwrecks and tattered rags that I'm still learning how to use.
I'll keep on drowning because you sailed away with my heart and I was never good at swimming from the start.
The machines in my mind are getting tired of the dreams where you and I are on rocks and we intertwine with veins like naked bodies that are only seen as broken vacant homes.
My days are filled with monotony.
I can stand it no longer.
The waves crash endlessly about the hull,
no land in sight.
Oh! How I long to free my sword from its scabbard.
How I wish to quench its thirst,
and my own, no less.
Alas, there is no sail in sight.
At least the rum is plentiful....
It took two words from Edward to Krystal.
"Hi"
Krystal looked up from the book she's been reading and saw Edward stood in front of her.
Krystal's eyes darted from side to side. No one's around; well, not around her, nor around him. Unmistakably, Edward La was talking to Krystal Kim.
"Um ... hi?"
Edward smiled, a lopsided one. Then, "Bye."
"....bye?" Krystal was frowning hard, but Edward only nodded contented with the confused goodbye as he walked away, hands shoved deep into his pocket while whistling.
At night before Krystal closed her eyes, she faintly remembered the song Edward whistled to; it was a soundtrack to Pirates of the Caribbean, wasn't it?
Aye aye, capt'n!
<em>Capt'n eh?
I do look pretty stellar in boots and a pirate hat.
I could wear an eye patch,
but make it see-through,
so it would actually be sun glasses.</em>
Why?
With sword,
and maps,
and chivalry
and oil lamps
and distant island.
God! You're enchanted.
You don't have to put up with it,
no one is stuck on Facebook.
I look but can't see
the
delete me the fuck outa this app that's free and always will be
krap.
Zap,
Zuckerberg just shot me down, run me out of Facebook town.
Pow,
I was going anyhow, they're just a bunch of nothing new,
a new look on a pirate crew,
fuck you
facebook.
Then they suspend me, them
wicked bastards on Facebook send me
to that godforsaken place called Coventry where the end of me is processed and repackaged endlessly,
Coventry?
I think it's twinned with monotony and
fuck you facebook
I'll go-commando,
hide away in Twitterville
and go it solo with 139 other characters who know as
much as I know.
Which is next to nothing
Am I bad or what?
Was it the words or the picture or the painting I imagined of what your love would feel like that caused my heart to tremble and lose count of the number of times it had been broken
I forgot what life I was living and couldn't tell the now from the then
were you a love lost and forgotten or a name I had yet to kissand what was hiding behindthe shy
disguise of your eyes
Was it a hunger for lust or love
or just hands needingblood
to kill a little time
or was itunknown colors
that lead to the magic of pleasures
you keep hidden beneath
the blanket of your dreams
And the corner of your lips
where your smile ended
did it curve and bend towards the direction of seduction
or was it a smirk of satisfaction from a recent ribcage you had plundered
above your mattress as the
clock ticked slowy past 2 am
and when you had finished
you left not even the ghost of a soul
I couldn't tell if I was lost in a thought of a shipwreck sleeping at the bottom of your sea or being eaten by the desire of a dream with the teeth of your kiss and all I could do was watch in a helpless sedation
as my imagination painted
while reading the eyes in your picture
and gazing at the stars in your words
These trees sing a lullaby
Older than the Earth.
So hush and let them hum
You into an eternal sleep.
Hear the wind as it tells,
Tales of lands far away,
The adventures of pirates,
The fighting of the wars.
The flame is powerful yet
It's hums low and soft,
The words whispered
Are those of two lovers
The water is the laughter,
Of children playing
In the sun all day.
The mermaids joy.
Listen to the soul,
Let it start to soar,
As you hear the dark music
Come from your very core.
Love is a fine art, with my pirate heart.
I'll make good of your ransom, whether you're handsome or not.
I'll twist your tongue in knots, or something of a similar plot.
With broken bodies and worlds colliding.
There's no sense in hiding when there's hate to confide in,
but alas there is hope, when there's nowhere to go and you and I are stood alone.
The tides change and the waves differ in size.
The sun shines bright and we feel more wise to the ways of the ocean,
love has a new notion as it proves us both right and wrong.
This is my pirate heart's solemn song.
as mortals we love and learn,soon or later,that love can take you far beyond pain or cause it,be like the gentle breese upon the cheek one minute,and smite it the very next.cradle softly your deepest emotions fears hopes dreams,than like a cyclone kill them all one by one.love can lift the mind to soaring heights of inspiration,than leave you broken batteredused up lke a shipwreck on life's vast shore,mendback gently with tender emotional hands all that was lost,than like a magician 's sleight of hand stagger the sight wondering where it disappeared and was it real.yes,since mankind first took its first faltering steps upon earthly soil,all have loved lost regained ,had love instruct and desert us,as the sands in the hour glass slowly fall down to time,we love and learn.
If you were
a pirate Queen,
I'd be your first mate
and we would
sail the seas
bouncing the waves
forever.
Let the crew
think what the may.
~mce
First, I would like to introduce Grayasety. She was a young girl, had soft strands of medium-short caramel hair, and she had green-blue eyes that looked like miniature earths. She was indeed a pretty girl and she was of average height, and had a healthy body. She also had a slight southern drawl; her mother was from Texas. She loved going on boat voyages as her father was the captain of a ship named Gray Asety, named after Grayesty, so she was often training to go on voyages.
One morning, just like any other ordinary morning, Grayasety left her house for the next-door stable with her baby sitter, Kinberly, which was part of her fathers crew.Today was the big day, the day when Grayasety was going to go on a voyage with her father as an official crewmember. Today was Grayasetys 13th birthday; today was the day when she was old enough to work on her fathers ship! Therefore, she gaily whistled and skipped along the road. It had always been her dream to work on her fathers ship, and today, finally, her dream was coming true. When she got to the stable she blew her small, pink whistle that, to human ears would make no sound, and like every morning her best friend, (which had the ability to morph into animals) trotted tiredly out of the stable in the form of a beautiful brown mare. The huge animal yawned and said, Morning Kin! And then addressing Grayasety she said,  Well, well, little missy what do you want me to be today? Today Grayasety wanted Mila to be a green parrot, Grayasety was obsessed in the color green, and Mila had reluctantly obeyed, the trio set off for the fresh smelling bay.
Kinberly, and Mila worked on the Gray Asety. Mann Forumest, or Captain Daddy as Grayasety called him had met Grayasetys mom working as a crewmember on the Majesty, a steamboat. Grayasetys mother, Magnolia Scott Forumest was the assistant cook. They married, but kept their jobs until one day when Grayasety was about five, the Sea Bandits, a notorious group of pretty woman stealers, kidnapped Her mother.
While on sea, Grayasety shared a rather large suite in the ship with her father. In the Bedroom were two desks, one big and one small, and in the corner was a bunk bed, the top bunk badly painted in green and the bottom bunk still bearing its natural mahogany color. Grayasety was sitting in her little green desk, scribbling madly in her deep green diary. Grayasety wad a liking of scribbling and those who have know her long enough could read her scribbles like one would writing. She could read and write although she was nowhere near a strait A student.
After a while Grayasety decided to bother her father and, forgetting to switch into her lime green boots, shinnyed up the main stairs to the deck in her faded fluffy mint green slippers. Mila, perched comfortably on Grayasetys shoulder, started telling her that she was wearing her slippers when Grayasety shoved a faded green pacifier in Milas mouth; Grayasety often did this to keep Mila quiet.
Mila, not enjoying the dusty, stale taste of the pacifier unhappily decided to keep her mouth shut until Grayasty got in a better mood. In truth Grayasety was in a marvelous mood and rather liked shoving pacifiers in Milas mouth. As the girl got closer to the deck, she started to hear chanting from the kind crew. She especially heard Kinberlys familiar raspy voice chanting, Laaa dee daaa, the Gray A rolls along, and as she emerged to the dirty, wet deck she noticed that her father was talking to someone else already. Botherin will have to wait some, she whispered to Mila. Then she took the pacifier out of Milas mouth and scolded, why didnt you tell me that I was still wearin my slippers eh? Wanted to make me look like an idiot? Mila simply rolled her eyes.
Right then, Captain Daddy, apparently finishing his conversation, came over to the pair and said affectionately, How are my darlings doin today? Mila especially enjoyed this for Captain Daddy always gave a loving stoke on her back and a whole chocolate chip cookie if he had one. Although Grayasety always stole some of the cookie Mila was happy enough with half. Grayasety, on the other hand was happy with a whole cookie so she begged Captain Daddy to give her another one. Captain Daddy gave her another cookie but chided her not to steal any more from Mila.
After the lecture on not stealing other peoples food, Grayasety clambered up the crows nest and almost knocked over Franz, a tall, but gaunt boy a couple years older then Grayasty getting in. Anythin unusual yet? asked Grayasety hopefully. Nope, answered the calm boy quietly. Hi Franz. Do you have any cookies? asked Mila mockingly, Franz just laughed and said, If I had any I would of eaten it by now! Gray, can you get me somethin from the kitchen?.
Grayasety got Franz a basket of food and got her self the same amount; Grayasety was basically always hungry, and had a little picnic on the roomy crows nest. After they finished their meal Grayasety decided to let Franz rest and did lookout. Franz had a small room to himself, which was about the size of a normal bathroom with all the stuff taken out. In the corner was an old, squeaky army cot and next to it was a rotund desk with a stack of blank paper, a jar of Indian ink, and a fountain pen laid precariously on it.
Franz was quite a writer and he spent his free time eating, sleeping, or writing and unlike Grayasety he actually wrote not scribbled. He was working on a story about gargoyles that came to life at night. It was an interesting story, really. He would of loved to stop working on the Gray Asety and go get his books published but he stayed for his family was a poor one and needed his help to make a living and also, Captain Forumest provided free paper. And, his daughter was the first friend he ever had; Franz was convinced that she was the best one.
Grayasety enjoyed being on ships. She liked feeling the cold air rush through her hair and she enjoyed the great view of the vast sea that surrounded her. She even liked the feeling of being so small compared to the humpbacks that swam by. She thought that the ship food was good, and she felt that the sea was truly where she belonged. Grayasety was very cranky when she was not at sea, (though she did like their big, ocean green house), so her father tried to include her on as many voyages as he could.
Captain Daddy, or Mann as I will call him spent most of day in a booth on the deck. He often worried about his daughters mental health (even though it was completely unnecessary). He talked to Grayasetys doctor about this and Dr.Metalos, Grayasetys doctor, gave them a list of mental deceases she could have, but none of them seemed like some thing she would have. Mann was sure that his daughter did not have one sickness; Much Too Much Time At The Sea Syndrome. If any one knew where Grayasety belonged it was Mann and he knew perfectly well that his daughter would go insane if she wasnt at sea for too long. For one thing she preferred to sleep on her uncomfortable bunk at sea rather then on her fluffy green bed as soft as a feather at home.
Right then the ship did a tummy- flopping lurch and knocked off the map and compass from Manns desk, which interrupted his thoughts for a while. Below deck Franzs desk toppled over, and Franz accidentally made a long and ugly scribble across his writing and on the crows nest Grayasety was having trouble standing up and she almost vomited right onto Kinberlys hair. This was rare for Grayasety for she lived on the sea and was used to lurches; she had once survived a shipwreck, which explains her golden earring on her right earlobe.
That night as Grayasety lay in bed Mann quietly crept out of his bunk and scurried up the stairs to the deck. He wanted some time to himself. Ahead was Cape Horn; a very dangerous place where so many ships had sunk it could fill the biggest port in the world, but more personally, this was near the Sea Bandits main head quarters, 8 years ago the beautiful Magnolia Scott Forumest was captured here. Even though it was impossible in the foggy mist, Mann tried to make out the cave that marked the entrance to the headquarters. Only few people knew this entrance, and publicity stated that it was a mere mystery why most captives were capture near Cape Horn. Mann felt a chill run down his spine and then he thought he felt someones hand grab his shoulder. He looked down and saw what he dreaded most; a hand tinged with brown firmly held his shoulder.
Grayasety woke up feeling wonderful but apparently Mila didnt. She kept screeching something about Captain Daddy being kidnapped and soon she found that what Mila had just screeched in her ear was true. She stormed into Franzs cabin and told him what she discovered and they soon agreed to do what no one else wanted them to do; steer the boat right into the Sea Bandits headquarters and take back what, and who was theirs no matter how hard it could be.
Grayasety had Franz steer the boat and she herself navigated, Kin was lookout and the rest of the crew helped out. Franz dropped the passengers off at Puerto, and Mila morphed back into a human; what she really is, and helped out. Separated from the frenzy, Grayastey was quietly thinking to herself. She wondered why the Sea Bandits captured her father. They were well known for capturing pretty woman but not average looking men. Just then she heard a knock on the door. Grayasety? said the raspy voice of Kin. There ya are. I just thought ya might wanna know why ya daddy was captured. Can you please tell me, asked Grayasety, trying not to sound too eager. Well rememba when ya daddy would be gone when ya woke up at mid night an I told ya that he had gone to the store to get some groceries? Well if you had thought some you woulda noticed that the store was closed. Grayasety interrupted Kin in mid-sentence and said irritably, Of course I rememba. Just get to the point Kin! Kin flinched at Grayasetys frustration and mumbled, Well ya daddy was a spy. One of the best ones at that. He did all he could to stop organized crime, an he specialized in the Sea Bandits. They captured him cause one less police the better for them. Grayasety sat with her mouth hanging wide open. She never imagined that her father was a spy. But now every thing made sense.  Sorry I didnt tell ya before. Ya fatha simply wouldnt allow it. Kin apologized. Grayasety managed a squeak and then Kin left her.
After she repeated this to Franz and then Mila, Grayasety went down to her bedroom, she hated having to be near Her fathers belongings but she hated having people see her crying much more and cry she did, leaving her fathers mattress a soggy mess. Then she decided to clean that mess up for if they rescued her father she was sure he did not want to sleep in a soggy bed. Noticing it, she picked up her dads picture of her dad and moms wedding and became suddenly aware of how much she looked like her dad. The hair, the eyes, the quirky grin, every thing. Her mother had soft blonde hair and violet eyes that almost made you smell the pungent smell of lavenders and had a beautiful smile with bright red lips. All in all she was the most beautiful woman Grayasety had ever seen. She almost made Grayasety feel jealous.
Hey! Gray. So are we gonna bring any weapons? Kin was a whole chest full of em! Said the distinctively low voice of Franz. Well, I dunno. I suppose we should bring a couple guns. Always nice to be well prepared. Replied Grayasety.
Franz was on lookout when the carrier pigeon came. The note it had on its leg was from Mann. It said:
Dear Grayasety and friends,
Do not come to save me. Im with my wife in their dungeon but they want you guys to come too. You see, Im like a bait. Youre the fishies. They want to erase all traces of the Forumest family. That means they have to dispose of those who would remember them. I will manage okay. Kin, Please take Grayasety and Franz home and forget about me for you and the childrens sake. Grayasety, I love you. Dispose all of my belongings and try to tell yourself that Kin is your mother. Believe me. Its all for the better. Franz, I meant to tell you but your parents caught tuberculosis and died the other day. Your sister committed suicide soon after. Please take care of Grayasety.
Mann
The trio stood silent for a long moment and then without warning Franz burst into tears, and scrambled to his cabin. Kin and Grayasety looked at each other sadly and went to their cabins themselves. Grayasety tried to sleep that night but images of Mann and her mother strapped up in chains kept her staring into the darkness with wide eyes. She reached over and got her personal music player, trying to distract herself but after a few seconds she turned it off again, for she could not bear listening to the lyrics; Its past midnight and something evils lurking 'round the dark of Michael Jacksons Thriller.
The next morning, Mila and Kin steered the boat near the cave that marked the entrance to the Sea Bandits secret headquarters. Mila then morphed into a seagull and flew into the old, damp cave. From a safe distance Grayasety and her crew awaited Mila to return with some news. After swooping into the creepy cave Mila found the opening to the headquarters and perched on a ledge near it. There, she morphed into a rat, and scurried up into the opening.
After crawling along several hallways, Mila came across a steel door bolted very firmly marked CELLS. Luckily Mila was small enough to crawl under it. Scurrying along the bureau of prisons, Mila finally saw a cell with Mann and a stunningly beautiful woman captured in it. Mila slipped between the bars and trying not to gain the womans attention for fear that she would scream, climbed the steep hill of Manns arm to try to reach his ear. Mann?? Dont make any sound OK?? Im Mila. Im the rat on your shoulder. Kin, Grayasety, and Franz say they miss you a lot. Whispered Mila. Then she saw a humongou
scanning the body head to foot
with steel mind and equanimous
legs crossed and eyes closed
scanning every cells and nerves he comes across
scanning scattered thoughts in the dark cell
where sankharas clung from a shipwreck years
bleeding in pain but still and sharp
cutting every root of miseries and wraths
dissecting, disintegrating the body piece by piece
with steel mind and equanimous
observing thousands of rising sensations
with the wisdom of anicca anicca anicca
sleeping volcanoes arisen
despairs dissolve to dust
vibration flows, space free
metta runs from the depth of a milky way
scanning, dissecting, disintegrating
with steel mind and equanimity
wisdom of anicca anicca anicca
purifying the galaxy from the bondage of dukkha
anicca anicca anicca
pa pa pa
Black wave rushes, gushes inky black
water. Icy cold, icy.
Dead man pallor on my hands,
I reach forward, but a cut throat pirate
hurt me too much to eat. Must have caught
it from that boy I often kiss,
he must have caught it
somewhere else. Black wave envelops me.
Off-colour, no red in my cheeks,
lost to the churning sea.
How is it you manipulate me
like this, so easily? How is it
you have drowned me
in myself,
in the ocean of my hometown?
She once read me her poems,
But the only knotical ones,
Not the ones that revealed
Her tragic secrets or past.
That was when I knew,
She would sooner see me
Become her castaway
On a desert island,
Then on her ship,
Sailing away,
Or standing with her
Hand in hand,
On a beach,
Throwing stones
Into the sea.
I could feel the water seeping through
And knew that our shipwreck
Wasn't too far away or too long now.
And after all out simplicity
After our final curtain fell,
I was just left standing in the dark,
On top of the parts and pieces
Of her somber ship,
That I stole from her
Like a kiss,
She watched me sail away
As I watched her sink.
-Jamie F. Nugent
(Cruz and Pedra were talking in the bedroom. Cruz had started to recover and his wound began to heal.)
(Pedra said,)
'' Pedro uses the morality to achieve his immoral,
Hidden goals, but you provoke the people to become
Immoral, considering them to be hypocrites; '' ''don't quarrel!
Criticism is something you cannot avoid; they're just scum.
(Cruz continued,)
You're the one who breaks any spiritual barrier
To overcome some secret limitations; you like
This concept of master-slave morality; you're a harrier.
I'm an old man, and I don't like that, sometimes, you're ready to strike.
(Cruz continued,)
Carla is your antipode; '' ''Do I spy? Did you question Ivan
About passing such a barrier between two powerful
Countries to do business? '' ''Their run just means survivin'.
I admit that I'm very curious; '' ''You think it's wonderful! ''
(Cruz said while smiling,)
''I want to change everything around and do not know how.''
''If you were not so morose and introverted, maybe
You would succeed; '' ''I'm not an orator, but I'm still alive now.
I speak too briefly and concisely, but I love you, baby.''
(Pedra replied,)
'' You're a very good observer and you think objectively.''
''I consider that you've found my way of being in the world
And this is why our marriage works so well; you're effectively
My friend; our life didn't fall apart when the lies were hurled.''
(Pedra said,)
''We have an organized family, and even when
We are not together, we are a team; '' '' I understand
That you have learned from the power of Aphra Behn's pen,
But, when you are with me, your ideas lose command.''
(Pedra replied,)
'' Maya appreciates my knowledge about botany
And history; '' '' She's a lonely woman, an unlucky one.
Between some passengers, she created a dichotomy.''
''Did you ask her some odd questions as you had done with Ivan? ''
(Cruz replied,)
''Maya is a war survivor and she learns to overcome
The poverty; '' ''she's an introvert but friendly and humane.
Although old, she works well and fast while needing to become
A talented cook; she's healthy for her age; doesn't live in vain.''
(Cruz said,)
''She needs to manage her anxiety by trying to control
Her reality; she views this ability as a matter
Of survival; '' '' she appeals to the evil powers for her goal.
To make this force be an energy field she uses the water.
(Pedra continued,)
She's a widow and her brother, Naimah, is rather clumsy.
He's not strong enough to overcome the difficulties in life.''
''How to keep fear under control she likes to study
And she's a kind of quack using plants to cure this inner strife.''
(Pedra replied,)
''She had fled war and chose the water as the primordial
Element instead of accepting the fire; then, those forces
Followed her to set this ship on fire 'cause that danger was mortal.
She thinks that these elements feed on her chakras sources.''
(Cruz replied,)
''The water quenches the fire, and when the water is dangerous,
There is no escape; '' ''Carla told me that Maya talked to her dead.
She's afraid of exorcisms; '' ''she cannot endanger us.''
''To bring Maya to Allah, Geraldine has a wise head.''
(Cruz replied,)
'' Geraldine has been pregnant while needing help; she seems to be
A fighter, but in reality, she's peaceful, frail and helpless.
You are a totally different person; '' ''no loss is known in me.
To help Surak after abandoning her kids was useless.''
(Cruz replied,)
'' Maybe her children are strong, but her nephew needs help.''
'' Maybe she needs purity to get her protective energy
While entering the unknown; '' ''stop turning my brain to kelp!
It's intuition. If I wasn't in that gun-room, we would die.''
(Cruz began to tell her about the person who had saved him from death.)
(To be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Prologue-
The guide doesn't show the way.
Only the end.
There are no math/maps to the number of fuck-ups that led me here.
But I'll fill you in on a secret (keep them whispers).
1 plus 0 equals 1
Do you understand my reasoning?
Chapter One: Shame
Fourteen was so easy!
Endless number of cigarette butts
taught us the ways of coughs and dry vomiting
You are such an amateur! Can you do better?
should have known that that road led nowhere
But back alleys and the introduction of such sweet surrender
"honestly the high isn't even that good"
Then hit this and hit it hard
My nose still stings from the pharmaceuticals grounded into fine powder
You had me hooked.
I was an addict.
Soon I'd have jumped through burning bridges for another Scooby snack!
Chapter Two: Dodging bullets
Kind of think they should teach a class on STDs
Or maybe I shouldn't have dropped out
the night before Ms. <strong><em></em></strong><em>
(pay attention to the lack of a ring on that finger)
gave the lesson
Then again
a proposal for sexclass
probably would have ended up with more than me in detention
Or would have found us in the girls lockerroom
(she was only five years older after all)
Screaming obscenities between thrusts and moans
And lighting up underneath the bleachers
"I didn't know you smoked"
And I didn't know you were so experienced
Pity fantasies are only fantasies
Mistakes are still mistakes
And it wasn't till three years later that I wish I hadn't missed that class.
Countless used condoms found themselves on the side of abandoned roads/streets
with just as many left forgotten on dashboards
A miracle the tests came back negative
Chapter Three: Cross One
So call it superstition, but reminders are needed
nothing stains more than that of ink
Cross one (of four) finds itself now on my chest
three nails intertwined. Tight.
You might as well as have crucified me then love
I introduced you to the life of falling stars
and you introduced me to fact
You get hurt! Deal with it (stop being a baby)
Tears meant nothing to you,
Even though you were my atlas we're free falling now
and glass shatters when it crashes down
We'll pick up the pieces later
if they matter
Chapter Four: Snakes
Emotions became taboo.
I locked them away in the dark (lost in some circle of hell)
Praying light would never find them
A warning scrawled in blood-
This is Pandora's box
You would have thought that that was a euphoria of aphrodisiacs
A mess of mating hormones
because soon I had a line of woman (what is this? Wal-Mart?)
Promising me they could show me what love truly is
And I found myself trapped by snakes
(why was this so cool for Indiana Jones?)
Where's your whip? is the only thought coming to mind
Their promises sounding like hisses
"You willllssss lovessss meeessss."
I wink back at them- keep on thinking that
Chapter Five: Spoiler
1 turned out to be multiple choice
A) Me
B) Me
C) Me
D) All the above
Were you able to make a decision?
Truth is that I'm still guessing
Process of elimination
Ignorance was so much easier when we were young
Parents wrapped everything up in innocence
Such little angels but
(where did our baby blankets go?)
the facts still remain-
we knew what we were doing
Still doyou whisper
</em>Spoiler<em>
Read on at your own risk-
At this point there is no more denial
((pay attention mother-
pay attention father!)
This one's for you)
I have been asking what my biggest problem is?
Answer: ME!
Chapter Six: Denial
We look the other way, scream out in defiance
"There's no way!"
"This is not my fault!"
Where have we heard those words before?
Give it up-
This is a movie
And you are right on cue
Keep up the emotions
Maybe give me a little more
(yes daddy)
The camera loves you
Even more than I do
I already knew that
I can't take it anymore.
I know its my fault.
Will they catch the subtle differences
between drip drops?
Or will it be too late when they realize that the iron smell
Isn't me hitting another joint (thinking they don't know)
but a redecoration of scars
Will they care?
I doubt it.
I can already hear my father's voice-
This'll be one hell of a cleaning bill
Thanks for the sincerity old man
Chapter Seven: Cross 2
Ten years of absences-
Broken promises and empty "I love you"s
I've heard them all before!
I'll hear them all again.
Part one:
FIRE
"we'll go next week"
You lied like all the times before.
Wasn't long before Washington was in the rearview
and California filled the windshield
Like bird shit
at least that's how it made me feel
Not Alaska, just you
"I'll be back"
You don't need to lie, I know you won't
Just like all times before
Part two:
ICE
You were less rewarding
and with all my problems
It was no surprise they were your favorites
Guess 2/3 isn't so bad when looking for angels
I must have been one hell of a devil
with how quick you downed that cocktail
(opiates and narcotics)
As if you were drowning yourself in pain relief
My soul shattered,
but you'd never see anyways
Frostbitten
Desolate
Goodbye was all I could manage
before your eyes glazed and the door slammed behind me
Chapter Eight: Zero
Always loved the term melting pot
Throw in:
tears,
lies,
fears,
blood,
hollow cries,
too late goodbyes
and my favorite of all
Refutation.
Call it what you will, but denial is still denial
You can tell where the pieces were jammed together
Picasso would be proud
Amazing what you can do with super glue
a shot of whiskey
and the promises of no more (you)
It was heaven at first
Each star blinking out like nightlight bulbs bursting
A sunflower affect across the skyline
Call me Tyler and
I'll forget you
with a 9mm to the throat
Steel tastes different then I imagined
Explosion
"goodbye"
And when you add one to zero-nothing changes love
Chapter Nine: Devine
Lets have a moment of peace
Or not
</em>wink wink*
Chapter Ten: Last Cross
And X marks spot
where cannons burst.
Flares ignite
and love ones die.
Call me Hawkins, Jim Hawkins
but were traveling in style now
the freighters of before give way to cruise lines
and instead of running from pirates
were the ones waving banners of
blackened skulls
"Never wanted to stay young anyways"
Now dig boy!
What's funny is that you never had to ask,
because I still have the key to oblivion
Atlantis/Pandora's been discovered
(Hell is escapable apparently)
And where you cut the flesh from my chest,
The cross solidifies
opportunity in its place
I'm still bleeding
You snicker. Insert. Twist.
Then
Nothing
"I'm sorry," there's a smile on my face.
"For bleeding on your white shirt"
WHERE IS IT? you ask
You'll never know though,
Nothing was ever there
Chapter Eleven: One
From conception we were damned
innocence dies quick (what, at like nine?)
And if you knew then that I'd be a burden
I'm sure you would have wrapped that tool tighter
Don't worry, I feel bad for you too
Who wants disappointment?
but I am a poet
Can't you tell?
I wrap all of this sadness, self-deprivation into prose
where you laugh because of the wit
which is really nothing more than my-
Inability to articulate
Chapter Twelve: Solution
Echo-
The guide doesn't show the way.
(where are the road signs?
did you forget to mention something boss?)
Only the end.
There's no math/maps to the number of fuck-ups that led me here.
(I'm sure you lost count.
I know did.)
But I'll fill you in on a secret
You can scream it out if you'd like!
1 plus 0 equals 1
Do you understand my reasoning?
Of course you don't
Epilogue
Clear as day,
the question is simple-
How do you fuck up your life?
Answer is no new news.
It all starts with 1 (you)
add everything that amounted to nothing (0)
and you are left with 1 (you)
But don't worry, you were destined to fail from the start
Alone
but we aren't are we?
Why did you join me?
No answer.
Just the smile that started it all.
Tiny feet on a sparse beach, reflection of soft sunlight
A journey begins, water stretched for millions of miles
No rush to leave the warmth of the sand,
The hourglass dropped the last grain,
Like a newborn seal I take the plunge,
The wet cold quickly gives away to bliss,
I reach for my sails, Youth navigates my way
Fearless, Reckless, I venture unchartered
Holding strong against the first storm,
The tranquility of the morn warms my soul,
But I could no longer quell,
the pirate in my heart, demandingcaptives;
the weight of the ransom was too much
I capsized, in a fierce storm of self-hate,
my lungs fill with devils brew
Im drowning, once, twice, over, and over,
until I couldnt drown anymore
is when I was plucked onto the quiet shore of my homes heartbeat.
My heart split into two
In deep dark waters, Ive given up on me
The Journey continues
Firewalker
Tropical winds of passion descend upon me
Caressing my skin as I gander up at the sky
In this place any soul can remain always free
Blissful as the Heavens that soar above high
The warmth of the wind, my eternal friend
Showers the ladies with Heaven's own grace
A place of exaltation that will never do end
That this stands as being Heavens own place
Eternally flawless, all the sand here is gold
The ocean pure made simply of champagne
Many stories of Pirates for Centuries told
In the land of riches and sweet sugar cane
The waves crash at morn, creating this mist
Swirling the shore; true Caribbean affection
Nature itself and all man within here coexist
Spawning true beauty; Caribbean perfection
You now know the truth, in every which way
My haven &amp; home; this is Heaven own peer
Perfection from this place will never do sway
Throughout all of eternity this place Ill revere
The mission bell was rung and the villagers were running,someone said,there's tall ships coming from the Islands 'cross the seas.
The padre bade us all to pray in the hope that God would save the day and they would pass us by,but the sky sat silent overhead as men and women were shot dead by pirates seeking to get hold of jewels and silver,food and gold.
They shot the padre as he knelt,he felt it as the touch of God and went to heaven with a smile upon his face and in this place of slaughter,sons and daughters,manacled to feed the trade in human flesh,fresh and young,green shoots taken from the sun to spend their days as slaves of men.
These pirate men with guns,
with ships that run before the storming ocean waves,have no saving grace and no place in maritime or ancient lore,spore of demons are these seamen who sail the human cargo, traders,raiders laying off the shore line,picking off the bloodline,destroying what is yours and mine,it's time we blew the lot to kingdom come,see how they run then.
The day will come when bigger ships with bigger men and bigger guns will run faster than the pirate brigantines.
I
Vraiment, c'est bte, ces glises des villages
O quinze laids marmots encrassant les piliers
coutent, grasseyant les divins babillages,
Un noir grotesque dont fermentent les souliers :
Mais le soleil veille,  travers des feuillages,
Les vieilles couleurs des vitraux irrguliers.
La pierre sent toujours la terre maternelle.
Vous verrez des monceaux de ces cailloux terreux
Dans la campagne en rut qui frmit solennelle
Portant prs des bls lourds, dans les sentiers ocreux,
Ces arbrisseaux brls o bleuit la prunelle,
Des noeuds de mriers noirs et de rosiers fuireux.
Tous les cent ans on rend ces granges respectables
Par un badigeon d'eau bleue et de lait caill :
Si des mysticits grotesques sont notables
Prs de la Notre-Dame ou du Saint empaill,
Des mouches sentant bon l'auberge et les tables
Se gorgent de cire au plancher ensoleill.
L'enfant se doit surtout  la maison, famille
Des soins nafs, des bons travaux abrutissants ;
Ils sortent, oubliant que la peau leur fourmille
O le Prtre du Christ plaqua ses doigts puissants.
On paie au Prtre un toit ombr d'une charmille
Pour qu'il laisse au soleil tous ces fronts brunissants.
Le premier habit noir, le plus beau jour de tartes,
Sous le Napolon ou le Petit Tambour
Quelque enluminure o les Josephs et les Marthes
Tirent la langue avec un excessif amour
Et que joindront, au jour de science, deux cartes,
Ces seuls doux souvenirs lui restent du grand Jour.
Les filles vont toujours  l'glise, contentes
De s'entendre appeler garces par les garons
Qui font du genre aprs messe ou vpres chantantes.
Eux qui sont destins au chic des garnisons
Ils narguent au caf les maisons importantes,
Blouss neuf, et gueulant d'effroyables chansons.
Cependant le Cur choisit pour les enfances
Des dessins ; dans son clos, les vpres dites, quand
L'air s'emplit du lointain nasillement des danses,
Il se sent, en dpit des clestes dfenses,
Les doigts de pied ravis et le mollet marquant ;
- La Nuit vient, noir pirate aux cieux d'or dbarquant.
II
Le Prtre a distingu parmi les catchistes,
Congrgs des Faubourgs ou des Riches Quartiers,
Cette petite fille inconnue, aux yeux tristes,
Front jaune. Les parents semblent de doux portiers.
" Au grand Jour le marquant parmi les Catchistes,
Dieu fera sur ce front neiger ses bnitiers. "
III
La veille du grand Jour l'enfant se fait malade.
Mieux qu' l'glise haute aux funbres rumeurs,
D'abord le frisson vient, - le lit n'tant pas fade -
Un frisson surhumain qui retourne : " Je meurs... "
Et, comme un vol d'amour fait  ses soeurs stupides,
Elle compte, abattue et les mains sur son coeur
Les Anges, les Jsus et ses Vierges nitides
Et, calmement, son me a bu tout son vainqueur.
Adona !... - Dans les terminaisons latines,
Des cieux moirs de vert baignent les Fronts vermeils
Et tachs du sang pur des clestes poitrines,
De grands linges neigeux tombent sur les soleils !
- Pour ses virginits prsentes et futures
Elle mord aux fracheurs de ta Rmission,
Mais plus que les lys d'eau, plus que les confitures,
Tes pardons sont glacs,  Reine de Sion !
IV
Puis la Vierge n'est plus que la vierge du livre.
Les mystiques lans se cassent quelquefois...
Et vient la pauvret des images, que cuivre
L'ennui, l'enluminure atroce et les vieux bois ;
Des curiosits vaguement impudiques
pouvantent le rve aux chastes bleuits
Qui s'est surpris autour des clestes tuniques,
Du linge dont Jsus voile ses nudits.
Elle veut, elle veut, pourtant, l'me en dtresse,
Le front dans l'oreiller creus par les cris sourds,
Prolonger les clairs suprmes de tendresse,
Et bave... - L'ombre emplit les maisons et les cours.
Et l'enfant ne peut plus. Elle s'agite, cambre
Les reins et d'une main ouvre le rideau bleu
Pour amener un peu la fracheur de la chambre
Sous le drap, vers son ventre et sa poitrine en feu...
V
son rveil, - minuit, - la fentre tait blanche.
Devant le sommeil bleu des rideaux illuns,
La vision la prit des candeurs du dimanche ;
Elle avait rv rouge. Elle saigna du nez,
Et se sentant bien chaste et pleine de faiblesse
Pour savourer en Dieu son amour revenant,
Elle eut soif de la nuit o s'exalte et s'abaisse
Le coeur, sous l'oeil des cieux doux, en les devinant ;
De la nuit, Vierge-Mre impalpable, qui baigne
Tous les jeunes mois de ses silences gris ;
EIIe eut soif de la nuit forte o le coeur qui saigne
Ecoule sans tmoin sa rvolte sans cris.
Et faisant la victime et la petite pouse,
Son toile la vit, une chandelle aux doigts,
Descendre dans la cour o schait une blouse,
Spectre blanc, et lever les spectres noirs des toits.
VI
Elle passa sa nuit sainte dans les latrines.
Vers la chandelle, aux trous du toit coulait l'air blanc,
Et quelque vigne folle aux noirceurs purpurines,
En de d'une cour voisine s'croulant.
La lucarne faisait un coeur de lueur vive
Dans la cour o les cieux bas plaquaient d'ors vermeils
Les vitres ; les pavs puant l'eau de lessive
Soufraient l'ombre des murs bonds de noirs sommeils.
VII
Qui dira ces langueurs et ces pitis immondes,
Et ce qu'il lui viendra de haine,  sales fous
Dont le travail divin dforme encor les mondes,
Quand la lpre  la fin mangera ce corps doux ?
VIII
Et quand, ayant rentr tous ses noeuds d'hystries,
Elle verra, sous les tristesses du bonheur,
L'amant rver au blanc million des Maries,
Au matin de la nuit d'amour avec douleur :
" Sais-tu que je t'ai fait mourir ? J'ai pris ta bouche,
Ton coeur, tout ce qu'on a, tout ce que vous avez ;
Et moi, je suis malade : Oh ! je veux qu'on me couche
Parmi les Morts des eaux nocturnes abreuvs !
" J'tais bien jeune, et Christ a souill mes haleines.
Il me bonda jusqu' la gorge de dgots !
Tu baisais mes cheveux profonds comme les laines
Et je me laissais faire... ah ! va, c'est bon pour vous,
" Hommes ! qui songez peu que la plus amoureuse
Est, sous sa conscience aux ignobles terreurs,
La plus prostitue et la plus douloureuse,
Et que tous nos lans vers vous sont des erreurs !
" Car ma Communion premire est bien passe.
Tes baisers, je ne puis jamais les avoir sus :
Et mon coeur et ma chair par ta chair embrasse
Fourmillent du baiser putride de Jsus ! "
IX
Alors l'me pourrie et l'me dsole
Sentiront ruisseler tes maldictions.
- Ils auront couch sur ta Haine inviole,
chapps, pour la mort, des justes passions.
Christ !  Christ, ternel voleur des nergies,
Dieu qui pour deux mille ans vouas  ta pleur
Clous au sol, de honte et de cphalalgies,
Ou renverss, les fronts des femmes de douleur.
The old abandoned light house that was always on the shore. I never stopped shining bright to guide the lost ships home. I never lost my use, the abandoned light house was always there. Light houses are supposed to sleep in the sunlight, and keep awake at night, alert of all surroundings, like a watchdog. I might not look like much, you see, they call me abandoned because I haven't been touched in quite some time, but I promise a story hides beneath these cracks I like to call wrinkles from smiling a wee bit too much at the hue colored sunsets, but that's the thing, ships like to mistake my smile for something else, they see my smileand they usually look for a way to leave, and they don't see the word "stay" tattooed on my bosom, I guess stay doesn't mean anything. The ships never stay for long, just short stops to refuel or rest. Though my light is always guiding them home, they rarely come back. Sometimes I scare them away, I guess they only see this abandoned light house as something to fear, and not something to love. My cracked windows and fading colors don't attract many fans my way. They don't love broken and run down things, always looking for the newer ones. But no matter what they do I'll always shine my light to guide the ships home. I wonder how many strangers carry pieces of a shipwreck in their rough, sandpaper-like hands, I wonder how many strangers won't find their way back home tonight, I wonder if their wives' lipstick stained their hearts just because they knew they may never get to wake up accompanied by their significant other again. I see so many stories in rosy checked - unshaved beard faces, and it makes my light illuminate them instead of what lies ahead of them because I want to be used as their hotel for one night, maybe a one night stand type of deal, I just want to be filled with laughter, and I want their words to stick in my mouth. I want to feel their love, the love of a sailor lost at sea who finally found his way home. I want to know what its like to be missed so much after being gone for so long, but people don't miss anything thats abandoned, let alone a light house that still shines. I want to be cared for like the sailors when they get home, treated like something people need and want so dearly. I know I'm needed, but they don't see that. I am not wanted by anyone, I'm just a ramshackle light house that no one likes to see. My light may help guide them, but they don't care for me as I do for them. They look forward to seeing land, to going home, but they don't look forward to see my light. I want people to stay long enough to see the waves crash into each other, and see the way the stars twinkle like tiny fires on the water in the moonlight. You see, I still sing, but my melodies sound like the moans and groans of ghosts, maybe that's what scares everyone off? my life is an open book, most people don't read more than a few paragraphs...this sinking feeling is knowing that my light doesn't want to be seen with me anymore, so it dies off like the life inside me did.
BUDDHA DOES THIS, IT SOUNDS BLOODY AWFUL, BUT BUDDHA'S HANDS ARE TIED
HE COULD KILL DADS NEXT LIFE LIKE HE KILLED DAD, IT'S AWFUL, BUT LIFE ISN'T
ALL A BUNCH OF ROSES, I DREAM ABOUT A HAPPY FAMILY LOOK, AND THEN
WOOSH SOMEONE GRABBED ME, (STEVEN BRADLEY GRABS MY LAST LIFE GREAME THORNE) I HAVE FELT GREAT SPIRITIUALLY KNOWING THIS
AT PRESENT DAD AND ROBIN WILLIAMS HAVE BEEN REINCARNATED
AND RELATED TO JIMMY BARNES, DAD WAS GIVEN A YOUNG DUDE PRESENT
FROM BUDDHA FOR HELPING ME WHO IS CRONUS, UNDERSTAND MORE ABOUT THE WORLD, I AM LIKE THIS GIRL, I LOVE LIFE AND ARE TOO NICE FOR WEIRD SCHITZOPHRENIC VOICES, THANKS DAVID CAMPBELL FOR REBIRTHING WHAT BUDDHA TOLD ME, DUDES, AS CRONUS, TO SHOW THE BEAUTY OF EACH CORNER OF THE WORLD, AND I AM DOING IT THROUGH YOUTUBE, BUT ALL YOUTUBE JUNKIES LIKE ME, CRONUS'S CURRENT EARTH BODY, IS SHOWING
THAT THE WORLD IS BEAUTIFUL, AND I DID A BUDDHA CEREMONIAL SHOW
ON SUSIE'S AND MARCO'S BREAKFAST CLUB FOR KATRINA AND TOREY FROM
THE MARTIN PLACE SIEGE
WATCH MY YOUTUBEB SITES, AAA YOUTUBE TV AND AARON CLAYTON
SHOWING, HOW TO RID NEGATIVITY THE RIGHT WAY, I AM A BUDDHIST
AND I BELIEVE IN THIS REBIRTH OF BUDDHA
YOU SEE DAD WANTED TO STAY CLOSE TO AUSTRALIA, AND BE NEAR MORK FROM ORK
THE TWINS OF DAVID AND LISA CAMPBELL FROM CHANNELL 9
I HAVE BEEN MEDDLING WITH THE SOULS, TO SAY BUDDHA DOES WHAT IS GOOD FOR
THE LAST LIFE, NOT WHAT THEY WANT, BUT HE THOUGHT, DAD NEEDED
TO BE CLOSE TO ME A BIT, CRONUS YA SEE MY MATE THE MESSIAHDAN SAN, YA KNOW LOOKS ON THE INTERNET
AT RELIEF WEB.INT, TO WISH TSUNAMI'S, AND HIS CHARACTER WAS THAT BIG POWERFUL MAN, ME, I AM MORE LIKE THIS GIRL, WHO BELIEVES TO SUFFER
POSITIVELY, CAUSE WE CAN'T FIGHT THIS JEWISH MESSIAH, AND I FEEL BETTER
AS A KID, IN POSITIVE ENERGY, BUT I KNOW I AM A MAN BY AGE, BUT I AIN'T
INTO FIGHTING MUCH, CAUSE THAT IS THE REASON I SUFFER, THE POSITIVE WAY
DAN SANDER, WAS THE MESSIAH, WHO THINKS HE CAN CREATE THIS BLOKE COULD BE THE BUDDHA, CAUSE MENTAL ILLNESS IS A VERY TERRIBLE
THING, IT CAN SHOW, THAT ANYBODY CAN COMMIT CRIMES AND IT SHOWS
WHATEVER THEY'LL DO, IS DONE IN THE AID OF LOVE FOR THE FELLOW MAN
MIND YOU, I AM CRONUS AND BLACKBEARD THE PIRATE, AND I WAS KIDNAPPED IN
MY LAST 2 HUMAN LIVES, I AM ALBERT WALDRON, BUT I AM CRONUS HELPER
OF THE YA SEE I WAS THERE AS CRONUS, TO SPREAD THE WORLD FROM DOWN UNDER
TO LEARN ABOUT DIFFERENT CULTURES, AND LEARN A BIT ABOUT WHAT PISSES PEOPLE
OFF, YA KNOW WHAT PISSES PEOPLE OFF, HAVING TO EXPLAIN THEMSELVES TO A RELIGIOUS CHAP LIKE ME
I DONT PISS ANYONE OFF, AND NOBODY IS PISSING ME OFF, APART FROM VOICES, PISS OFF VOICES
PISS OFF SCHITZOPHRENIA FOREVER, BUT BUDDHA IS MAKING ME REALISE THAT THERE IS MORE
TO LIFE THAN MAKING PEOPLE SAYING YOUR SPECIAL
THE WORD IS REINCARNATION REBIRTH AND ENLGHTMENT, TRUST LOVE AND MERCY
she was a storm
provoking his world
to live.
filling up his
lungs with the salt
of the sea,
she was
a storm that
carried a
love too deep.
<strong>she was poetry
at best,</strong>
he writes.
<strong>but the kind that
destroys and turn
you into a shipwreck.
she was poetry,</strong>
he writes again.
**and i was a
wooden sailboat caught
in her storm, what chances
did i possibly have?
for the broken-hearted
is this song
please dont be upset, darling
dont let you anylonger be teased and displeased
look on the shipwreck of your love
like on the new chance
you sure wont make the same mistake twice
be blessed and find the way
find the patience and the bliss
to give it to the one
who deserves your true love
these people you knew before
wont be around you anymore
you will walk to the willows and waterfalls
from the nature you will find new force
from the nature you will find new force
from the nature you will find new force
a cat stole my chair, that lower-hunchback
type to position myself into,
imitating far beyond the pecking crow...
each and every bird: pecking as if
to insinuate: there's a puzzle behind all of this...
mystery? hardly a mystery to go
along with a puzzle...
yet there's still a cat in my writing
chair...
as there's the ghost of Freddie Mercury
pulling the puppet strings
of the lead singer of the Svee-dish
band <em>ghost</em>...
freddie fucking mercury!
yep, that's him...
i live in times when a band
like <em>queen</em> would be called: queer;
query...
how far is it to the Y junction
via i.e., i, why, aye and the occasional
balancing act on sigma and phi?
- and yes, if i could write a cohesive body of
language, that didn't end up being
all spaghetti muddles and fiddles and
chop-sticks...
i'd be a journalist by now:
ditto ditto ditto...
or as the french say:
joo-rrrrrr-nalist...
fuck... the chinese call it <em>jue</em>,
yes i.e. that ritual bronze
a tripod: minus the african
12" and necessary buttocks
to cushion it, as the saying goes:
more cushion for the pushin' -
and her smacked right into
a coalmine of coccyx on ol' whitey...
i'm starting to think the asians didn't
build up a tolerance for drinking
because... all they fucking served was
<em>warm</em> wine!
never served a <em>sneeze</em>...
<em>sneeze</em>? a shot of vodka with a sprinkle
of pepper...
and what, you never tried to
play the sailor by attempting to get high
from eating excess nutmeg?
shit, i live on an island, suggesting?
no wonder this whole place is a <em>tad</em> wobbly...
<em>tad</em> must be the scottish equivalent
of <em>wee</em>...
i.e. a bit,
not exactly small, but fuck it:
i can follow up on what's being insinuated.
if i could write a coherent sentence
by now i wouldn't have read Joyce,
or Ezra Pound, looking into my own asshole
looking at Heidegger...
the cat curls up and grabs his head...
healthy people watch sports...
only the sick fuckers
meddle with politics;
point being:
the sort of politics currently
on offer are discouraging to even wish for
a vote...
ah, to be 21 and healthy once more...
and to not have naive perspective
on keeping certain friends...
better an enemy that i know will hurt
me,
than a friend who i will not suspect.
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!<em>
i'm starting to get them...
no, wait: i've lost the plot...
it's almost like...
alcoholics anonymous...
booo! booo!
yep, *gatlin</em> knows
about as much,
and bolt was
the voodoo doll
of the jamaican sprint
team...
whatever they make
him out to be: voodoo doll,
genuine, to me.
but i listen to these
youtube reformists,
they "alcoholics" anonymous
and i'm starting to
pledge myself into pitying
them...
they really didn't make
much of their own company
when drinking? did they?
me?
of course i cry!
you play me the most emotionally
charged piece of classical
music and i'm a <em>wendy spencer</em>
(whoever the fuck that is)
using up about ten tissues
to mind the niagara falls of
sentiment...
what's with so much
confessing, and the complete
lack of enjoying the trip?
am i going to repent for me
drinking?
fuck no!
if you can't keep up,
then there's no point in
keeping you motivated...
if you can't bask in a sunset
of a litre of rum with me,
what sort of pirate r'ye?
go on, fucker, frown,
frown motherfucker, frown!
beat me with you ugly stick...
hope you get the <em>ian dury</em> polio
counter-effect...
while walking down
cuntish town you thought you'd
call to safe ground via kentish...
kent's impromptu:
essex can have the veg 'n' blush
fruits,
we're 'eeping the flou-wares.;
hmm... a(n) english garden,
after all.
whaa whaa... tongue tied
in the grapheme shared between two
words, hence the bracket "optional" (n);
aye! yo!
big up kingston-upon-thames!
charcoal those jamaican
colours, and make sure
i get i jerk-churn at notting hil
filling station of jerking inflatables
of juggling hips and pelvises
of the caribbean woo, woo-manz;
suddenly my dick turns
into a <em>crisp dipper</em> with a salsa
of fat ass and chocolate drip
of vulva mush...
nice thought, i suggest you try
it sometime;
boy, you ain't 'ave ah 12" dipper?
don't bother...
look for the girls with the boney a,
i mean via m... take them to the mass
with the altar being:
and rodeo it was...
i never knew i had bones inside
the bush of my pubes...
evidently? i have!
gold goes to vanilla manila,
silver? goes to strawberry blush...
bronze? ah...
you ever wonder why oiled or
wet chockies look so fascinating
bouncing off moonlight?
me too...
kenyan brown is beyond
what the western niger showcases.
if they just dropped the madonna bullshit,
i'd still fuck them drunk...
when she's naked
and you're naked,
and you're drunk:
it's no time to be a boner-loner;
tea-cups and napkins,
invoking a respectable "repertoire"
can belong to the white girls,
along with the porno collection of
abbreviated lies...
i got bored,
started to loosen up a bit,
i have no motto,
i have absolutely no ethical concern...
what comes along is better than
paying for enforcing an encounter via
the liberty of paying for it...
trouble is... when you pay,
and she orgasms...
that's a real fucking problem for her...
she wasn't supposed to enjoy it,
she was supposed to get paid...
ha! transcending the "ethics"
of prostitution is not an easy feat;l
more painful for her, than for me,
with that octopus-like squeeze of imitating
a circumcised penis having pulled
the foreskin back...
fuck me... i never thought i'd own
an <em>aubergine</em>... thank fuck that also
means: minus the c-ring: two birds, one stone.
Sailors we're not, but here our souls roam
Beneath the cold seas, and the waves and the foam
We inherit the depths of the oceans and sea
Never to know of just what we could be
We are the dead, lying down in the dark
Our stories forgotten, our history stark
We're not in one place, we live where we went down
Not a monument stands for most in our towns
We went down in rought seas, in a storm or a battle
We died taking a trip or transporting our cattle
There's as many of us as there are in the earth
We've been taken at sea, since man first did give birth
Our souls walk the floor of the deepest dark places
No one knows who we are, not our names or our faces
We ended our lives on ships , sloops and on ketches
We are the dead, some rich, some poor wretches
We never will age, never again will see light
We're still waiting for more to join us in the night
The seas give us life and they take just as fast
It's a tomb for us all, it's where our breaths were our last
Unsinkable ships...fifteen hundred or more
Lost their lives to the ice just like many before
The water cares not, your soul's there to take
Whether ocean or sea, or on river or lake
We walk in the depths, beneath the lighthouse and rocks
Our home is the cold, down below all the docks
We lie just off the shore, we died within reach
Some of us drowned just a bit from the beach
The sea's a cruel master, it owns all who sail
It cares not one bit, who you are or your tale
Stories mean nothing to those down below
For when it is time, to the locker you'll go
We died fighting pirates, we gave up our lives
We left our young children, our husbands and wives
From the Cape of Good Hope to the cold northern seas
Where we were still alive as our bodies did freeze
In the Indian Ocean and off the Newfoundland coast
Some nights you might see us, in the fog...just a ghost
We're the ones who inhabit the dark of the seas
When you hear the wind howling, you are hearing our pleas
Don't forget who we were, when we lived and we died
Please remember the families who broke down and did cry
There are fish in the ocean, but we live here too
We're the lost souls of people who died on theblue
Sailors we're not, but the water's our home
Down in the dark waters beneath the waves and the foam.
the saltiest
sea-iest
piratiest pirate
that ever roam the waters
bush did 9-11
In the sea of my mind
thoughts drift, afloat
Cerebrospinal fluid waves
Ripple across
Neuron sails billow
In the idea winds
Tacking occasionally
When steered
Pirates roam these waters
Distracting and hijacking
Destroying and pillaging
Keeping them from fruition
Colorful
Hilarious
Financial
Existential
So many thoughts
A regatta to manage
In the minds marina
On race day
They wanted to sail on the sea of life.
They built an ideal ship as in dreams.
Frederick and Geraldine, his sweet wife
Began sailing to explore new extremes.
Sometimes, he used to call her Crystallind.
On their ship, they carried good merchandise.
And he taught her to scream in the wind,
Creepy creeps with strong thoughts to harmonize.
He wore glasses, and his blue eyes were eyes
Of loveliness, when she called him Firstborn.
He was as a child, but one wondrous wise,
He had black tresses that were never shorn.
From the watery green, their happiness
Touched the abstracted infinite of the sky-
The land was a thought- twas togetherness
In that place where that much, no bird could fly.
She could do so many things in bad days,
But if she stopped loving him, she would die.
Being pregnant in that garden of praise,
She received a heart emerald thereby.
Twas a day to meet the ship of pirates
In searching for treasures in the islands.
She saw the danger through her mans iris.
The pirates attacked them to take diamonds.
Frederick, the child, leaped inside her womb.
His father and the crew started to fight.
The pirates ship went to the waters tomb,
And Holy tears was poured on them for light.
(to be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
A year is a long time to carry the weight of your name
but ive brought it as far as weve drifted away
Along with souvenirs of sentiment we shared before the shipwreck
I kept all the things you left to sink and they make me fucking seasick
An ocean apart now, a few times I near drowned
trying to swallow old memories I should have just spit out.
They burned like water in my lungs and turned to sea salt in my mouth
that left a taste that stung my gums and made your name hard to keep down.
A year is a long time to carry the weight of a name that wont respond
across an ocean between my voice and the person to which it belongs.
To die would be an awfully great adventure.
Happiness must be in Never-Never Land.
I want to fly high and dry;
I want to flit through the sky.
I hope to follow a piper of pied attire
Meet in our secret place through the mountains.
There will be many lost kids
Looking for a way to live.
I don't think I know the way out.
How shall we be together again?
I don't want to grow up.
I want to stay here.
I want to fight pirates.
I want to play with ticking alligators.
I want to love in the most innocent ways.
I want us to be lost in this phase.
You just seem so perfect for me;
I want time to just freeze.
So, let's steal the dust of a fairy
and take to the night sky.
Play on the clock tower
Fight for our own power
We can be whoever we want to be.
But, flash forward now
I come back to visit.
I see you've found out
What growing up is all about.
I can't help but to feel alone.
Where do I stand now?
Where is my home?
I don't know how to get through to her;
But to die would be an awfully great adventure.
There is a chart that I keep locked away in a dark wooden box
in the shadows of my heart (for I have always loved a secret place)
and on this worn and folded page I marked years ago
the places in the sky that lead me home, the exact pattern
in the clouds when my hands are strongest, every place
that I have ever become a tragedy and in that box I keep
the commandments that came from the fire you lit before me,
scorching my feet, teaching me to be afraid of anything
that burns too brightly; you wove a heavy web of chains,
chains of whispered hints (dont speak too loudly,
dont laugh when he smiles, dont show your legs, dont be so strong,
dont ask, dont take, dont be, dont burn) and
I never realized how far your echoes would travel,
how long my bones would be vibrating with them
and how hard it is to hear my own melody through the din.
I am a ship begging to be sunk, to rest beneath the dark
in the serene waves out of sight and besides,
what is lifes poetry without a few shipwrecks?
Little seashell girl, little high tower green glass girl,
I wont pretend that you didnt do some damage
with your yawning silence, with your neat black and white and rage hate poetry
but I learned to tread water and I learned that silver words
and hard hands and a friend in the mirror can heal the burns
and build armor and learn every mountain peak of my heart,
and the way the man himself wrote only of his valley,
I have learned to conjure magic out of my own landscape
and after every drop in this rainstorm I have realized
that I am in your debt, little red eyed ash cloud girl,
for this gift, for this journey on foot, for leading me in circles
into the center of my own light.
Give me truths,
For I am weary of the surfaces,
And die of inanition. If I knew
Only the herbs and simples of the wood,
Rue, cinquefoil, gill, vervain, and pimpernel,
Blue-vetch, and trillium, hawkweed, sassafras,
Milkweeds, and murky brakes, quaint pipes and sundew,
And rare and virtuous roots, which in these woods
Draw untold juices from the common earth,
Untold, unknown, and I could surely spell
Their fragrance, and their chemistry apply
By sweet affinities to human flesh,
Driving the foe and stablishing the friend,
O that were much, and I could be a part
Of the round day, related to the sun,
And planted world, and full executor
Of their imperfect functions.
But these young scholars who invade our hills,
Bold as the engineer who fells the wood,
And travelling often in the cut he makes,
Love not the flower they pluck, and know it not,
And all their botany is Latin names.
The old men studied magic in the flower,
And human fortunes in astronomy,
And an omnipotence in chemistry,
Preferring things to names, for these were men,
Were unitarians of the united world,
And wheresoever their clear eyebeams fell,
They caught the footsteps of the SAME. Our eyes
Are armed, but we are strangers to the stars,
And strangers to the mystic beast and bird,
And strangers to the plant and to the mine;
The injured elements say, Not in us;
And night and day, ocean and continent,
Fire, plant, and mineral say, Not in us,
And haughtily return us stare for stare.
For we invade them impiously for gain,
We devastate them unreligiously,
And coldly ask their pottage, not their love,
Therefore they shove us from them, yield to us
Only what to our griping toil is due;
But the sweet affluence of love and song,
The rich results of the divine consents
Of man and earth, of world beloved and lover,
The nectar and ambrosia are withheld;
And in the midst of spoils and slaves, we thieves
And pirates of the universe, shut out
Daily to a more thin and outward rind,
Turn pale and starve. Therefore to our sick eyes,
The stunted trees look sick, the summer short,
Clouds shade the sun, which will not tan our hay.
And nothing thrives to reach its natural term,
And life, shorn of its venerable length,
Even at its greatest space, is a defeat,
And dies in anger that it was a dupe,
And, in its highest noon and wantonness,
Is early frugal like a beggar's child:
With most unhandsome calculation taught,
Even in the hot pursuit of the best aims
And prizes of ambition, checks its hand,
Like Alpine cataracts, frozen as they leaped,
Chilled with a miserly comparison
Of the toy's purchase with the length of life.
At dawn I stood upon the shore
Of pirates' gold and sailors' bells;
The silent waves to me did call -
A tragic tale the ocean tells:
Her love set sail by light of moon
And adieu bade he goodbye in tears.
She promised love, and he, return,
Raising sails flown four thousand years.
Into the moon, her love sailed on,
Both trapped in the hour of part.
At dark descent her soul was torn
By visions of unbeating hearts.
A trimster lapsed, Hermia returned;
Her crew moored with strangled cries -
For in tempests' wrath their captain downed;
To quiet depths evermore confined.
Her shattered soul, anchored with grief,
Witheld by curse of lovers' cares,
Stood still on high rocks at dusk,
Plunging down into despair.
Remember the hour their hearts froze,
Gripped by fear of Love's own berth;
In watery graves their souls abide,
Bound by Love's eternal curse.
- c.t.
Soon I'll be far away again
the lapping shores the only thing keeping me from you
but you should know that I would swim oceans for you
even if it was just to see a glimpse of those blue mischievouseyes
always the most beautiful in the setting city sun
How will I live knowing I won't awake with you entwined around me?
Where do the hours go?
With you I'm always losing track of time
I'm at your whim
Have I ever told you that I'm crazy?
That I'm a little bit deranged?
Baby
I'm losing my mind
Sweetheart
It's something about the way you laugh at stupid things
and make jokes just to hear a room beat with laughter
Your voice turns to a hum when I look at you sometimes
realizations like lighting striking me when you fall asleep
arm across my stomach like you're afraid I'll leave
because I've told you before how I learned from my mother how to run
and I'd been doing it ever since I realized boys stared at my waist
not ever listening to my words as I try to explain myself
bloody hands hidden behind my back like a broken vase
My father told me that I was too beautiful for my own good
eyes alivelike the skyat dawn the first morning you didn't sleep
hair wild as I slow down to look at the view
and he always got angry when I did that
stopped dead to stare at the fading pink light of a day coming to an end
You don't get angry
youjust stop and look at me with the same gaze I give that setting sun
and I swear
out of the corner of my misted eyes I see you smile
run your fingers through your hair as you wonder what I'm thinking
and I've always been afraid
afraidthat in the moments I spend with you that you realize
that you see that I'm thinking of one thing only
you
and I stare at the street lamps far below a little longer
tempting you to find out how much I really love you
to come closer and ask me what runs through my aching heart
but youkeep your distance
I wonder if you just know that later when my speech is clouded I'll say it
as I always do in the early hours of the morning
smoking out my deepest secret like trying to coax a ghost
I wish your lips weren't so protective
holding in lovesick notes even when drinking the clearest false securities
and she wants us to go far away
and when you express how fond you are of her company she looks down
everyday I see her I realize how similar we are
twin stories of mismatched fears and wanderlust
does she know about the way I claw at your skin as if looking for a way in
bruised ribcage under lust stained sheets
she used to eye me like I was a panther inching closer
irises daring her kin to set me off
but I'm no time bomb
and I think she sees that now
I'll always remember the time I realized I loved you
the first time, at least
it was too quick to know
and I was far too invested as you watched me glare at you past branches
only to fall asleep with my hair tangled in your fingers hours later
does time pass differently to you when I'm asleep next to your waist?
fluttering eylashes onto your knees like tiny dancers
I wonder if you ever notice the soft skin peaking under my shirt and sigh
thinking about how you'd long to slowly take off my clothes in the dark
teeth hitting bare skin of my collarbone as if I'm prey you've finally caught
I think of endings a year in advance
I always have, as if everything is terminal the second I say "I love you"
maybe that's why I don't say it
maybe I just assume with every lost memory I discover like a shipwreck
and ever passing whisper I recall
you see how entranced I am
my whole existence has bits of you like gems within it
or possibly they all encompassed you already
and the paint hadn't chipped enough to reveal you yet
When you're sad you sing songs to me about Venice
and the way your mother used to wear her hair to her shoulders
orange milky light stained every window like melted gelato
and you wondered if you'd ever find a girl who's heart was Murano
all lit up in the night like a summer sweet dream
when the air is hot and everyone's cheeks are a little red
their hair curly from the salty spray of the sea
you'd mark her neck until it looked winestained
but you appearso sad when you tell me these stories
a faraway look in your vacant mind
I could be your merlot skinned girl
I can have eyes like the italian hills
rolling into the horizon
always having you search for the tallest one
Let me be your Venice
Let me be your home
it was once called a beyond "good" and "evil"... as if the two were confused... i think the actual confusion comes by calling it: "beyond" good and evil - clearly we have a distinct understanding of the two, in how we treat them in the most extreme cases (as antonyms), and how we can't seem to comprehend them as antonyms: one's a fucking square, the other is a fucking triangle... in that we create a synonym siamese of the two... and how the good men squabble for an argument to contend against their "crimes", and the justice served against them... or this much came from creating Ed Gein into a romance... a fetish for artistic inspiration from Rob Zombie and the Silence of the Lambs... but no one bothers... ah... what's his name... Ted Bundy... no one wrote a song about him... no, he was clearly evil... this is what i find bewildering: the suggested "beyond".<em>
oh, but it's only a game... there no etymology involved,
there's no looking back at words created
from the alphabetical cornflake bowl...
where cornflake-a floats about with cornflake-b
through to c, d, e... m n... lop... and finally
rests with zed.... this is another type of game...
i don't mean it as a craft of etymology,
scouting the tongue prior, to say something
about the word in the tongue, now...
it could be a raving lunatic using the word
*</em> - and yes... before i make
the incission marks into the two syllables....
i want to see how a "chiral"
aesthetic of: much the identical sound will give rise
to macron omicron  = ... just like like  = ,
given the standard of epsilon
() being the: quite distinct
measure of the sound suggested / intended.
but then, within a framework of bilingualism,
made redundant as "schizophrenia" it's an absolutely
blunt statement to say: naturally, i am split mind...
i use two tongues... i can only imagine the horror
of being mono-lingual and having the symptom of
"hearing" "voices" in your case of dis- (negated)
-ease... that suffix needs not exfoliation...
but a game, there is, nonetheless! but it requires
the Caribbean tongue of <em>patois</em>... never know
why certain words sound better in the native tongue
than in the tongue acquired, but hell, they do...
and to think my bilingualism became squandered on
imitating a hellish encounter with schizophrenia...
a condition so misunderstood and so exploited ("romanced")
that it makes no sense, unless if used in slandering someone:
not quiet 80, and actually in a degenerate state of having
lived a life... but i mean someone in their
20s, and embarking on a trip that completely obliterates
the boring tourist in them, along with the hope
of the father in them... and yes, if i wasn't bilingual
and merely monolingual i'd probably experience
the classic symptom: so many went down the route of
taking l.s.d. and so few never realised that the true
essence of horror is: music... people can't never fear what
they can or cannot see... it's what they hear,
or what others think that frightens the living-daylights out
of them! i mean: can you imagine a cultural
revolution when the drug made you
experience auditory-hallucinations
that's than optical variations in fluorescent
colours? i'd love to meet the man
who invented a drug that made you hallucinate
a Bach symphony... i really really would
love to meet such a man...
meaning there's a bewilderment
about blind men and deaf men...
sure, you can find them in
supermarket isle testifying that
an elephant just humped a donkey with
its trunk... while the donkey bellowed
out some jazzy impromptu...
cos that shit would, just make sense.
how can anything make sense
when you already have five,
and given the sense of sight you turn
all revisionist and imagine things?
it can't make sense, given the senses
are already given...
it has to be the sense, turned into
a faculty: seeing-imagination
hearing-composure,
&shy;poets are never compared
to musical composers...
my choice of vocab is a bit poor
at this moment...
give me a tape recorder and i might
just be able to encrust my voice
like a cello in some symphony...
this isn't the game though...
i need <em>patois</em> and <em>polish</em> to play with
this word ...
cut open: - / daj
in polish means: give... a prompt, not: to give,
but: just give it, a basis of instruction...
and now the patois... i.e. -o
or man... aye aye mon, the drunken jammy-sailors
sung, drinking and swerving their dreads
into puke-soaked sofas of the brothel...
so yes, we cheated a tad bit...
we didn't write down: give me the moon,
we just said: give me man...
and so pandemonium ruffled
a few feathers of man's peacock known as vanity...
and so the puppeteers said: enough
of strings! to the rook and bishop, pawn, king
queen and knight! suma summarum?
only in england, could bilingualism ever be confused
with schizophrenia... oddly enough bilingualism
can deflate classical schizophrenic symptoms...
well: the symptom isn't exactly a pain...
and they did suggest it to be a chemical imbalance...
which i found quiet funny...
given i have a chemistry degree from Edinburgh...
i can't exactly state what a chemical imbalance is...
not with the equilibrium theory...
or any care to call phosphorus dipped in water
after having stored it oil to be an "imbalance"...
surely we are talking about giving examples,
a bit like regurgitating facts...
but it would appear that there are no examples to
be given, as we are more interested in
simply regurgitating facts...
i heard this one "dear" friend of mine call
my work a word salad... as if i hadn't heard that
phrase before... well great, coming from a man
who i remember unable to recite the fucking alphabet.
god, how could i have become so
engrossed in these belittling narratives from past
or present, it's like i'm chewing on roast beef...
and i'm chewing, and i'm chewing, and i can never
even sniff the tulips of transcendence...
every time i do, i just get dragged down onto
the plateau of being the common man...
i just don't seem to value
<em>will</em> as my modus operandis -
only a mere <em>be</em> - and fuck me, with that there
are so many things optional...
i feel no river needing a travelling down
on in me, i feel no sea in need of
a tide or a shipwreck...
i feel no need for a mountain and
an avalanche...
but whereas the <em>will</em> would guide me toward
overcoming the mountain,
with each congestion of being bewildered by
a <em>be</em> injected into any thing real or imaginable,
along with that quasi-thing known as thought
that later becomes speech or writing or song,
i can only state: without a will to overcome
a mountain, without a will to sail across a sea...
i <em>am</em> both the mountain and the sea...
in that i am being: set aside by both mountain
and sea in claiming a <em>will</em> over them,
i am set aside by both mountain and sea:
for i know my own vanity,
and as counter to <em>res cogitans</em>,
being a <em>res vanus</em>: i am of foremost concern to
fill that void with thought, rather than
with sights of Eldorado across the sea...
or a Tibetan monsestary, high in the mountains.
My life is running out between mypouring legs,
i see you there, whining, moaning
every note plays like a mermaid's song
a melody that is now engraved in my soul
We sail, our bed swims,
we love, the ground grinds
we grow, the universe shrinks
we became ocean , the ocean became soul
Conquer me, make me your treasure
Rise your flag, have no mercy
'Cuz you already have imprisoned my soul
Drop of a hate
Top hat;
Knitted cap;
Russian hat:
Pink flaps;
Skulled bandanna -
Red; grey stitches;
Wool yarn -
Head itches;
Black slouching,
Sides pouting,
Hair sticking out,
Color picking: in;
Bear face;
Crochet lace;
leather paper boy;
Pirate toys;
Sexy mask,
Hold the wax;
Zebra print,
Purple ink;
Furried hood,
"understood;"
Thrift store cat,
Drop of a hat
I am yours:
There will be more.
so many people become suchbad compatriots of drinking,
i've chosen an anthem for them: no, they're not obscure
Ukraine patrons of Chernobyl leveraging the Para Olympics
to get a whiff of the invisibleatomic wind - how many times
i got drunk from mere conversation, and how many i sobered up
when drunk when something dear to my heart was laughed at...
i decided to drink alone, because as many times that good
conversation lifted me fromthe placebo effect of drinking,
it also dragged me into hatred that turned into pure bile
of rotting acid... i have an anthem for these people:
special needs by placebo... they belong in that shit-pile
of thought, yep: the ought i without i thought:
purest example... or albino lions and the one female that came up
to an engaged lion and showed her belly as if it were her cleavage...
i dare say, ol' chap, Darwinism made new assurances
in human sexual prowess a bit, too much, humanoid...
i'm not watching Para Olympians racing the track,
i'm gladly watching cyborgs... they're not human, evolutionary
terms come into play, they're cyborgs.... or how wolves yearn
for their best fried, never mind the alpha wolf being segregated -
awooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
discrimination concerning
actual timing of that prolonging.
Dracula said: try the samosas, they're added spice;
i keep telling myself: these people can make it,
but then i said: well,
if i am to praise acts dictatorial, i have to become
dictating what's anti-democratic involvement:
stipends of pedantry, and how that backfired
when the chosen became the elect -
and how the elect
was recognised as an unread book -
and the chosen people as, simply: people who
bought or simply owned the book,
not having read it.
yes, sometimes drinking alone is all you need,
not because there's some hierarchy of addiction -
it's because there are people who can
get you drunk on talk,
but there are bastards that can make
you sober up with their talk -
and those you thought were your friends
introducing you to the latter crowd are worth
keeping in touch with: they're merely worth
postcards. come to think of it, poetry is
akin to manual labouring, or the best poetry is,
the poet ought to have an implant that says:
our work is no easier than a bricklayers'...
there's enough to digest what would appeal
to the person seeking a river, or fluidity -
poet akin to a labourer -
some call it the contract
of increased chances of spinal pains
hunched at the keyboard or when lifting weights
that have nothing to do with aesthetics -
sure... you'll hear my voice...
but first pay me for my words... if the former doesn't
fit with the latter? forget it!
i have an anthem for
some people who's sole requisite in confirming
compatible life is served up in only one request: pay your tax.
and Nietzsche was right:
do i regret not having made such an observation,
or do i regret having read it? perhaps both -
worse off: have i not chanced my behaviour as
containing the dynamic of having experienced such
and such an observation?
the subtle nature of the year,
the organ of fear - and music to contraband
the comforts of the house and the fireplace and the television
and the monthly gas bill -
subtle cries from caves and aged forests -
poetry too: ars nocturna (nocturnal art) -
a hive of contradictory abysses
peeling sight from sight, and eye from the Everest
cross-eyed that's the tip of the nose:
or Bobby Moore alone, drinking in complete
company (his self, the reflective, not the reflexive
himself: that needs company) -
because a lot of people can ruin
your drinking, by sheer congestion of missing
artefacts that will never be exhumed -
a lot of people that drink
are brought before the court of alcoholics anonymous,
but they never figure out that their sanity
is why a lot of people drink...
the reflexive means the devil's
dozen dissection of keeping interaction to a fulfilment
of a night out... the reflective means:
you.
i find it so surprising, a Christmas present to be honest,
that so many people can't seem to ingest
what they digest into others with their presence...
so many conversations can leave you drunk...
but in equal measure, so many conversations
can make you sober up due to blatant irritation:
i was asked to join a.a., i simply said:
fuck off...you watch the goddamn television
and tell me you never wished to
feel the adrenaline of Somalian pirates...
i'll sniff out your lie quicker
than you'll be able to say: my life's in technicolor.
yeah... and i'm Moses the Unbeliever.
i find it scary that i found proving god
was easier than proving
someone to share a life with -
that i found a deity's imperfections
more justifiable than the imperfections
of mortal beings....
i really appear as a cold-heartless
selfish swine / solipsist -
yes,
that's how it is...
i found it easier to prove
god with everyone jumping the bandwagon
of circus acrobats and hospital surgeons,
and disk jockeys never playing <em>in extremo</em>
or <em>die krupps</em> -
because it was easier to argue the non-existence
of such a being, with colonially ardent dismissals,
because like Lethal Weapon II and the apartheid
master race choke-joke... sing me a king crimson song
you cunt! oh right,
no Pirates of the Caribbean then,
fair enough.
but we're
all up for cheese, when reconnaissance
just means: otherwise Renaissance.
bridal chambers
lefty, and if it was a hoarded arrangement...
then the curry house did
tailor the bridal dress, to avert ivory white
and instead lace the cotton with white boys'
turmeric coloured dentures worthy of
that bridal pattern that would sooner bed
a widow than a virgin, if as suggested,
then i'm your man;
or the random jerk and jalfrezi of the alcoholic's
twitchy hand...
oh sure,
alcoholism is a bit like exploring the Amazonian
piss- / acid-forest, 'cos' we all care about the globalisation
of our private parts having established the whereabouts
of our petted dogs in the publishing industry
as: well, doing quiet well; never thought
that a woof would be so hard to find as an echo...
apparently a woof was hard to find, which is why
dogs recieved publishing contracts. also:
funny how i'm half ashamed and
half of anything that comes when providing a compilation
of shame cut in half with something engaging
some sort of arousal
to make an arsenal out of and later simply shoot
blanks.
i) <em>Countless casualties
lost and faded
among
the shipwrecks
of
broken hearts
caused by
indented rocks of <strong>love.</strong></em>
ii) <em>The docks seamless
with the horizon
swarmed with infinite
paper sails and boats
resting in the warmth
of the tranquil sunset,
the sunset. The Sunset.
An undertone of *</em>love.
SO MANY NEW BEGINNINGS
SEEMS LIKE WE'RE
NEVER WINNING
JUST GOING THE
MOTIONS
WITH THESEPRECONCEIVED
EMOTIONS
NOT NOTICING THE LIL
GROWTH
THAT CAUSES MAJOR
CHANGE
4 BETTER NOT WORST
SO MANY NEW BEGINNINGS
NEW MEMORIES 2 REPLACE THE BAS 1'S THAT CAUSED PAIN
NEW BEGINNINGS
TO APPLY WHAT YOU'VE LEARNED 2 SO THREE B NO MOREMISHAPS
NO MORE ASSUMING
NO MORE COMPLAINING
NEW BEGINNINGS
KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
I'm sitting on your bench and thinking
about the times that used to be
How we played in your glorious garden
from breakfast time 'till tea
Croquet games upon the lawn
Or pirates swinging in a tree
We sat and watched the goldfish
Or dressed in clothes you got for free
Now I've bought my own house
I'm married and age thirty three
And I'm sitting on your bench
And thinking 'bout when 'I' was 'we'
there is an ocean
and i have sunk so
deep
drowning is what it feels
like to breathe
please
if you are the
lighthouse, you are
too far away
don't leave me found
on the shore among the
other lost things, diamond
rings and shipwrecks
take me somewhere
i have a name
please don't leave me
all alone
please just take me
home
Hi, I'm going to snorkel and dive
It's going to be pretty fun
and maybe sometime you can too
and practice
where you want to practice snorkeling.
So you put a mask on and you have a tank
and you want your snorkel to be under water
and then you can breathe with the snorkel
with water.
Sometimes you'll see sunken treasures
and sometimes you won't.
Because sunken treasures can be
already found.
If you found the treasure map
at the bottom, and then it would
show you the name of the place
and then you'll know where it is.
But then pirates go to very nice lands.
There are those times,
Along down the road,
To which we skip
We frolic,
We grow old...
Best friends forever,
That childhood phrase,
The power and bond it bears,
Never ceases to me amaze,
Simple as that,
We saw
We made
We laughed
We played...
I with you and you with me,
We sat and played in the grass,
We let our imaginations spiral free,
We sailed on a pirate ship,
Across all eleven seas,
We fought dragons and flew in the breeze,
We rode horseback across the savanna,
We rocketed through space and commanded an armada,
we continued this way through all night and day,
We imagined the things we'd never see,
We imagined the people that we would never be,
We laid on our backs and stared up through the clouds,
To the great beyond then back to the ground,
We saw the wonders of our world
From our own backyard,
Best friends forever,
Our calling card...
We climbed we fell
But we did it as one,
"Best friends forever" we always said
Though not with our words
but those secret codes inside our heads,
We were happy,
We were free,
It should always be this way,
"Should we grow old?"
"Should we grow wise?"
But...
There hasn't been a "We",
Not since you died,
Best friends forever,
What a joke,
What a lie...
I just sit here and bring you alive,
I guess in a manner of speaking you never really died,
You live on and there is always a "We"
Because we live on,
In me,
Best friends for eternity ...
I'd kill everyone that hurt you
Even a priest or nun
I'd steal everything and give to you
Burn money for you just for fun
I'd take the last potion and save you
I'd sail the turmultous ocean to find you
I'd shipwreck on the shore
If it meant see you forevermore
I walk through the black parade
I see the darkness and charade
I laugh to keep the cry inside
I'd die if it was you that died
I breathe for you night and day
I live on every word you say
I cannot move or fade away
In your presence I wish to stay
We are folding paper airplanes
Wanting to soar away from it
Stopping the fanning of the flames
Flying out of this neck high shit
Were pirates of newspaper boats
Climbing aboard, away from it all
Above the shit we try and float
Reaching land or go over the falls
Were making origami napkins
Something to clean up the mess
When the next shitastrophe happens
With more soiled diaper regrets
We are folding paper airplanes
Trying to ascend above it
Desperate attempts not in vain
Or drown in our own excrement
I don't mind it, really,
even when he comes home late.
He's not doing anything wrong.
I trust that man with my life.
He has a job, but it's hard for him;
he doesn't know how to ignore
anyone with something to say.
He's been suspended, barred,
kicked out, and fired from them all before.
His fists always seem to lead
him to the face of every jackass
with an insult to throw. They
don't like him now because they can't
drag him back down to where he was.
They can't make a fool out of someone
who wants to do better.
But that's his flaw - he still lets them.
They end up on the ground getting beaten
to within a hair's breadth of their lives and
he ends up in jail again and
the cycle repeats itself bimonthly.
But I don't mind it. I love him and
I love that about him.
If he comes home with bloody knuckles,
I carefully wrap bandages over them and
tell him about my day as if he'd done
nothing wrong.
And that's true.
Life is precious
Every life is precious
Every soul must be allowed to learn .
to think, interpret, analyze, create -
To become
this is how value and worth are fortified and measured-
This is the measure of a civilization.
The worth of every soul must be seriously considered,
They must be respected, nurtured, loved
Enough to instill in them respect, responsibility, and a vision -
A vision for their futures that includes the consideration of
themselves, others, and the world.
But the bureaucrats in education,
The talking heads,
The politicians, the heads of corporations, the union leaders
dont care about the children, their instruction,
or their teachers
They claim zero tolerance
They say children will not be left behind
They say there is a race to the top
They say they will get rid of ineffective teachers.
But you must know its not ineffective teachers -
It is a system that is broken
because
The focus is money, numbers, scores
The focus is politics
The focus is on how they look to the public
and to theother politicians:
Education?
Its a sham, its a con game -
And the children, especially children of poverty,
Dont know, dont realize, have no idea
How their education is being perverted
How the focus is twisted
How their futures are being stolen
How they arebeing left behind
They are being left behind,
They are being left behind the children of other countries whose
citizens and leaders know what is needed to perpetuate
a cycle ofbetterment, a promise in the future.
But our children?
They are being allowed to wither
They are unwatered plants
They are starving multitudes
They are the inmates in the asylums
They are the tail that is wagging the dog
They are Simon and Ralph and Piggy
They are the victims of a shipwreck
Abandoned on an island where there are no rules
Abandoned and left to evolve in a place where they are allowed
to make the rules
Where they are always right and their teachers are always wrong -
And like any ship in a storm without a beacon
to guide the way
They are becoming a population, a generation -
generations now
Of people who are adrift -
They dont understand why they dont succeed.
All they know
Is that theyre not succeeding
Things arent working out
The world is not forgiving
Real life doesnt enable them -
The way they were in the institutions in which they
were educated
To make hundreds of mistakes
to disregard others
to fail and still succeed
Real life doesnt enable them to be inconsiderate
ofthemselves, others, and their environment
andstill
create strong families and strong sustainable societies.
Real life is not making sense.
So to ease their minds of the nonsense
Some have come to value
drinking, getting high,
Going beyond a place
where anything makes sense
They dull their senses
Or they hurt themselves and others
Because the idea that life is precious
That every life is precious
Including their own
Is but a foreign concept
Its an alien sensibility
Its Greek to them
Because no one has valued them enough to ensure
That they have truly and deeply learned
to value themselves, others, and their world
Their parents didnt stay the course, didnt sacrifice enough to
ensure their childrens survival.
Their teachers were beaten down, demoralized, belittled, stifled,
questioned, criticized, ignored, choked, bound and gagged
so that just a fraction of what they could have imparted
could get through,
So that beacons became flickering candle flames choking for air
to stay alit.
What is future?
There is no big picture
There is only today, now, this moment
And now is miserable
Their spirits are crushed,
Their hopes are dashed,
Their dreams are shattered,
And only a few of them
climb out of the quagmire, struggle out of the confusion
And find the way.
Cynthia Fioramonti 2013
A shipwreck in the distance,
Two figures at the fore,
But, reflect upon the spot
And you'll find even more.
There was a sea here so vast,
People come here of all religion and cast,
Fish in the water swim so fast,
Not even a few seconds their speck lasts,
Birds hover above the sea so high,
It is hard to say hi or bid good-bye,
Elegant is the sun, to watch at dusk,
Mothers and old folks go there without any fuss,
Captains with pirates set here on voyages,
With them they take numerous of cages,
The water of the sea was saline,
So adorable and lovely is the marine,
The crowd was back on its way,
Incredible was the day, they say,
Now lonely and silent were the lanes,
The great sea was still again.
Belinda lived in a little white house,
With a little black kitten and a little gray mouse,
And a little yellow dog and a little red wagon,
And a realio, trulio, little pet dragon.
Now the name of the little black kitten was Ink,
And the little gray mouse, she called her Blink,
And the little yellow dog was sharp as Mustard,
But the dragon was a coward, and she called him Custard.
Custard the dragon had big sharp teeth,
And spikes on top of him and scales underneath,
Mouth like a fireplace, chimney for a nose,
And realio, trulio, daggers on his toes.
Belinda was as brave as a barrel full of bears,
And Ink and Blink chased lions down the stairs,
Mustard was as brave as a tiger in a rage,
But Custard cried for a nice safe cage.
Belinda tickled him, she tickled him unmerciful,
Ink, Blink and Mustard, they rudely called him Percival,
They all sat laughing in the little red wagon
At the realio, trulio, cowardly dragon.
Belinda giggled till she shook the house,
And Blink said Week! , which is giggling for a mouse,
Ink and Mustard rudely asked his age,
When Custard cried for a nice safe cage.
Suddenly, suddenly they heard a nasty sound,
And Mustard growled, and they all looked around.
Meowch! cried Ink, and Ooh! cried Belinda,
For there was a pirate, climbing in the winda.
Pistol in his left hand, pistol in his right,
And he held in his teeth a cutlass bright,
His beard was black, one leg was wood;
It was clear that the pirate meant no good.
Belinda paled, and she cried, Help! Help!
But Mustard fled with a terrified yelp,
Ink trickled down to the bottom of the household,
And little mouse Blink strategically mouseholed.
But up jumped Custard, snorting like an engine,
Clashed his tail like irons in a dungeon,
With a clatter and a clank and a jangling squirm
He went at the pirate like a robin at a worm.
The pirate gaped at Belinda's dragon,
And gulped some grog from his pocket flagon,
He fired two bullets but they didn't hit,
And Custard gobbled him, every bit.
Belinda embraced him, Mustard licked him,
No one mourned for his pirate victim
Ink and Blink in glee did gyrate
Around the dragon that ate the pyrate.
But presently up spoke little dog Mustard,
I'd been twice as brave if I hadn't been flustered.
And up spoke Ink and up spoke Blink,
We'd have been three times as brave, we think,
And Custard said, I quite agree
That everybody is braver than me.
Belinda still lives in her little white house,
With her little black kitten and her little gray mouse,
And her little yellow dog and her little red wagon,
And her realio, trulio, little pet dragon.
Belinda is as brave as a barrel full of bears,
And Ink and Blink chase lions down the stairs,
Mustard is as brave as a tiger in a rage,
But Custard keeps crying for a nice safe cage.
It looks like I'll never get my hands on those obliques. He walked out of my sights and into a steel press; I have had dreams straddling a lathe, masturbating with anything I could find because my hands were borrowed late at night by a phony jesus. I wish, ultimately, that I was still a waitress living in a tiny trailer with two toy poodles; nails hot pink, bathtub shrine to flame, a psuedo dictator/drug lord. I could have touched him then, then nobody held my fingers to the slider, to the faucet. Better, though, to do better. A block of ice for my heat, and fiction. He wrote fiction. A sensible person would understand when I say shipwreck, my bled, my bed. Like wakoski-sex obsessed; shoulders and ribs instead of leather boots, mustaches. What nonfiction breadth, and seams. My teeth have ridges, says any spelunker thinking of oral. Its scary when disease settles in. Thats scary, making me sliver next to this scenic route, this ship-width. I'm sure I won't remember him tomorrow.
Crashing and thundering on the silky sand
Sleeping never, neither in night nor day.
Changing in the blink of an eye from
Calm, peaceful, happy
To
Raging, violent, deadly
And again to soothing and gentle.
Causing shipwrecks and bringing danger
OR
A feeling of contentment and awe at the beauty of this world
Children dance in and out of the playful waves, laughing
Swimming, boating, fishing, looking for shells around and in you
Touching all shores,
Earth wrapped in eternal embrace.
Yet still, you crash into shore, wanting to be among friends.
Why?
Are you lonely, Ocean?
Slipping through the back door
and into the night,
you waited for me
to join you in flight.
You wore not a feather,
but offered your hand.
A silent invitation
to enter your Neverland.
When I was falling,
you taught me to fly.
With Pixie Dust Kisses,
we took to the sky.
A glowing gas station,
our second star to the right.
You turned your truck left,
and we soared to great heights.
Hand-in-hand we touched down,
landing in your driveway.
Stumbled into your messy room,
our underground hideaway.
We made a pact of youth
in a moment without time.
our tangled legs quivering,
and starry eyes aligned.
With daybreak it was over,
stolen pirate ships returned,
but always in my aging heart
the purest love for you will burn.
-c.g.s.
When you find whatever it is youre looking for
I hope youll remember who helped steer the ship
When your legs were too dull to play captain.
This is a story about Milo the mighty
His sword at his side, he was forever so mighty
His armor gleamed, how he shined brightly
On the cliff side watching the sun as it set
Milo the mighty set up shop, it was time to rest...
He started on a stallion his pride on his horse
Did he ride out of Ridgeburrow,
to revenge his remorse
Townspeople cheered and waved
Villains and monsters flee'd their graves
As Milo the mighty Rode through town
The townspeople cheered out
"DONT LET US DOWN"!
It was a quest of vengence he'd seek
For years have past, that have been quite bleak
goblins and Gouls steal all the gold
As the mighty hunchback golem screams "duel-me droll"
The townspeople fear him,
Helplessly run they do
But Milo had other plans
For the golems unrichous uphold,
He slashed and stabbed,
Staggered with joy, as the blood of his victims
Fell to the floor
One-two, one-two, his sword went through and through
He sliced through golems head,
Leaving him dead,
Just a slab of meat on the floor
And Milo the mighty traveled forth
Unto the dark forest,
He traveled with sorts,
Battles with pillagers and pirates alike
Did Milo fight with all his might
To make it to his mighty quest
Where all that sweet gold lies in a chest....
Traveled onward he did
Straight through the pillagers plains
Did Milo have a quest for his own grave?
No said Milo the great as he traveled on his adventure
His adventure was great......
Looking up at a tower
The clock struck the fifth hour,
Towering over Milo was the tower of Shiloh
Looming over him in a dim shadow
Did the ominous tower show more
Than just what was for fleeing cowards?
NO,
Milo opened the door
To find the riches
his princes had ever wanted to adore
So up the grand stair case did Milo the Great do
Up in spirals the stairs never seemed to outgrew
Up and up the tension was rough
As Milo unsheathed his great weapon
A sweat drop uncoiled from his headband
So Milo mustered the mutual feeling
Felt far before him,
Upon the double doors of steel,
Did her master wait for her hero
Weapon ready in hand,
Ready to use against Milos stand...
Stanced fearless, ready to fight
Did her master wait to show his might.
MILO screamed her master
Come for me have you not?!
"Yes you ungodly gat" shouted milo
Far from his throne,
Did Milo know his match or was his match outgrown?
Her master swung first,
Cut Milos cheek he did,
But when milo swung back,
Off with his head!
Milo picked her up, her ankles unshown
He walked her to the parlor,
Where he released her,
He let her go........
"Thank you Milo, Your heroism is now know"
Said the fair lady who Milo help'd go.
Milo the mighty walked straight to the cellar
Where all the gold and riches awaited his pleasure
With his might he carried it right
Straight to his great kings who declared Milo
"Milo the Mighty"
if you're interested, the ambassador to darkness
is looking for a woman with a heart of gold and
fingernails to slit the throat of a robin
he has been playing a little bit out of character these days
you might find him smiling, but deep enough somewhere
behind the golden gates of his initial words you'll find
an abyss so deep it will take all that you know and make it
incomprehensible.
for all of his sweet words...his lips are barbed. don't you dare kiss him. he doesn't believe in the things people believe. not any of it. he thinks death may be the closest thing to freedom he will achieve, and bands of pirates and armies are composed of the same people--he says that it's a matter of perspective.
he says that every time a politician dies an ill child is set free from their illness. he says that the same goes for landowners, and CEOs.
the ambassador to darkness has taken a likeness to you. that is quite unusual. I hope you are able to maintain yourself. don't be surprised when you find his skin is as soft as radio waves and his bones are mercurial--for I have warned you ahead of time.
your fancy,
the ambassador to darkness
I know you've been through it all before,
too afraid to admit that you loved and lost
forgetting that only the brave survive.
Someone was here long before me,
they took your strengths and poked holes
in them while smelting your insecurities
into permanent scars and doubts. That's
when you put your heart in storage
before the beginning of the world's second end
in hope someone new (someone like me)
would come along and take you for a walk
in the clouds holding your hand the way
it's thought that angels will when Time comes
to pull you away from your last page.
I know you've been through it all before,
you know what it's like to shatter and fall
but not everyone is another pirate
taking advantage of the rare
golden hearted seraphim of the myth
(you and your kind). So please, Darling,
please, let me love you.
There are 30,600 seconds in an
eight and a half hour day of work.
Each subsequent is a sharpened
tool of useful motivation to help me
alleviate my inventiveness...but
the value of my individuality
is ejected into a bottomless
pit of redundancy and wasted
on slave labor and dolor.
The duration of time with my
12 eyes is pillaged and plundered
by the imperialist pirates of propriety.
They kick you when you're down
and make you smile about it.
That's why you need a day off
before and after your weekend.
Mercifully, half my work day
is spent in the bathroom,
where all the business and
communicating with the
outside world gets done
and I can write my poems
and escape into the abyss
of my own creativity.
All of my poems have
either started, finished,
fully written or re-edited
in the bathroom.
If I told you this poem wasn't
written in the bathroom than
I'd be lying to you and there's
no reason for that.
There's not much to look at except
two bare walls, one bare stall door
and a toilet paper dispenser but
that's more motivation than all
the dullard coworkers combined.
......And if the
shower is cold and
the hobo's clean and
the beer is warm and
the grass isn't green and
the whores are dry and
the weed is wet and
the money is scare in the
rich man's eye and
the air is breathable,
religion is believable
and the mosquitoes are
tolerable to the young
man's mind, then....
me and the popcorn man will sit on
the highest skyscraper of wet hair,
eating flavored ice and watching
the yellow skies as it rains snakes
into my gums and I can live a life
without fear and have prosperity.
It's better to live a local
legend without notoriety
and be discovered
after your death than
to die a sell out with
global stardom
of longevity.
i caught the sun today.
the sputtering car,
as it bumped along
a road long since worn out,
shook me like some
pirate ship ready to desert us.
unfazed, we drove.
the cold month dangled on the
landscape that watched us
from behind glittering car windows,
as they withheld frostbitten gasps
that beat our broken ships
tattered sails.
i remembered loving you. i saw
your eyes the way
you used to look at me.
energy. there is so much here inside of me.
waiting to be discovered, i cried.
my emotions, liquified,
spilled from my eyes and in fear
of you seeing i looked
to the familiar windows cold glass,
and out. to somewhere far away,
where no one but me could touch.
a place of hidden light
and forgotten heartbreak
and the most beautiful words
in the world.
i saw wonderful things in my world-
and for a moment,
i failed to see how things
truly were.
from a distance,
this cloud of darkness
surrounds my reality world.
the sun, a gleaming bright ball of fire,
caught my eye from above.
the window was silent against my fingertips,
and it felt as cold as the snow
that took rest upon it during the
night before.
the suns beauty, captured in
my palm, couldve lived
for years only for me.
instead, i let it go,
and continued to wait for
the amber of my life to surface again
when i could return to my past innocence.
A
genetically en-
hanced
m
e
r
maid,
I'll swim
Through the shipwrecks
Of your liquid life,

To prove
That just because it is buried
Does not mean
It is dead.
Taking wing.
A song that swings like a sail singing in gusty winds that portend
a windy afternoon.
The barrier right
at one edge
where birds escape as through through a quickly closing stoney slab.
An endless stream of birds and then a single lonely
last.
Either lost or defiant.
A flag flapping thats a picture, unchanged, across centuries. Might as well be pirates or admirals under that flag. But theres a contemporary bird instead; definitely not endangered. The opposite, in fact.
Spreading
inevitably. Maybe carrying some final blow. Quietly. Secretly. Simply.
Taken wing.
&amp; he said
"Come with me"
&amp; I said
"Where?"
&amp; he softly sighed
&amp; he said
"Come with me"
&amp; I said
"How?"
&amp; he started to cry
&amp; he said
"Come with me"
&amp; I sad
"Why?"
&amp; he slowly died
And so they went off together
The Pirate and his Lover
They went off together
All alone
And now it's I who seek them
In the streets of far off places
The Pirate and his Lover
On my own
What would I give for a nook and a book
to cuddle and snuggle and longingly look
the pages unfolding as I listened to
the babbling song of a fast flowing brook.
Oh, if it had pictures, a faraway place,
mysterious villains, a dark alley chase
Id pick up the phone Id call in sick
disappear in the mist, leaving no trace.
What would I do to be captured by words
impressed into service by pirates with swords,
adrift without wind, current silently slow
half crazed crew pacing the sun-baked dried boards.
Perhaps of an evening a stroll on the beach
salt, surf, and moonlight on ebony skin
passion full sated on cooling soft sand
last dream of the shanghaied seagoing men.
What would I give for a storybook nook
Id offer it all the time that it took
to take me away to wherever it would
leave me enraptured by a murmuring brook.
should life become war
let love become logic
should nascent wings crumble
like fledgling, or bird's
our music of freedom
will rouse hearts from slumber
an irrepresible number
the love pirates' herd
We were pirates then
dueling swords of picket wood
on summer days when backyard pools
were Caribbean seas
We swung from frayed and creaking rope
tethered to the stolid limbs of shadegiving trees
plundering the ships we made from cardboard
and splintered pinewood crates
We laid siege to sandbox fortresses
with cannon fire from garden hoses
muzzled by the ends of our thumbs
Our shipmates were the tabby cats
and german shepherds we dressed
in tattered sheets pillaged from
lines strewn across the lawn
and patches held by rubber bands
covering bewildered eyes
We were pirates then
dueling swords of picket wood
on summer days we buried
in coves hidden along straits
we marked on weathered maps
Surviving still and sometimes found
in the darkest corners of the night
and the cloudless wonder of the day
I am taking on this voyage with nothing but a pen and paper.
I sail your oceans, watching you drown the sun.
I stare to your stars above me, your explosions do not reach me.
She's a thunderstorm and I find shipwrecks beautiful.
She's a thunderstorm and I am dancing upon the clashing waves.
I am taking on this voyage, I have grown tired of running on quicksand.
I am taking on this voyage without an anchor.
I'm taking on this voyage and I know one day I'll find myself washed up on shore.
i choose to be a misfit, it's part of my artistry. i choose to be a misfit, a pirate and a bandit. a slave to my ministry. i outwit your chemistry and scream from the pulpit. i awoke to explosions and time lapsed erosions. the air filled with fire and rainbow smoke. i couldn't find my breath, the bed was ablaze. i inhaled the nightmare and began to choke... just then, things went fragmentary. i was more than just a dignitary. i found myself in a cinerary, facing someone legendary, and they were me. so i looked up my apothecary, knowing that i should be wary. i quickly dispensed with commentary, avoiding all things monetary. but nothing's free. speaking briefly of the goings-on, i stopped to berate the hangers-on. my mouth wove a verbal marathon, it was a virtual phenomenon. lost in my ego. restless, like the myrmidon, i was unsure of my prolegomenon. when i heard the ringing carillon, i went for a swim in the phlegethon. like abednego.
I am: yet what I am none cares or knows
My friends forsake me like a memory lost,
I am the self-consumer of my woes
They rise and vanish in oblivious host,
Like shadows in loves frenzied, stifled throes
And yet I am, and livelike vapors tossed
Into the nothingness of scorn and noise,
Into the living sea of waking dreams,
Where there is neither sense of life or joys,
But the vast shipwreck of my lifes esteems;
Even the dearest, that I love the best,
Are strangenay, rather stranger than the rest.
I long for scenes, where man hath never trod,
A place where woman never smiled or wept
There to abide with my Creator, God,
And sleep as I in childhood sweetly slept,
Untroubling, and untroubled where I lie,
The grass belowabove the vaulted sky.
A broken wreck
A blind rebel
So lost
So broken
Chasing rapids
Diving waterfalls
Only to end up in a
Vast murky
Ocean
And sink
Endlessly
To its cold, lonely depths
But He
Breaks the chains
That anchors me to sin
But He
Fishes me out
Of the dark abyss
And I
<em>Rise</em>
Rise beyond the surface
And I
<em>Live</em>
Live for the very first time
He waters down my briny filth---guilt
He wraps me in a thick blanket
With love in every stitch
He hands me a warm mug of cocoa
Overflowing with marshmallows
<em>But He didn't even need to</em>
<em>How could He even want to</em>
And then He welcomes me to His ship
Of formidable majesty and splendor,
Gives me a net,
And names me as a <em>fisher of men</em>
We sail
We fish
Through stormy seas
Vast oceans
Savage pirates
But <strong>all is well</strong>
All is great, in fact
For His ship is firmly established
A jewel made of iron
And He always knows the Way
Because He is,
He is the Captain of Captains
And I am His fisher of men
I've done strange things for the sake of rings spun around solar systems
Myself I seek for a silent leap into a fantastic fracture
No world need convince me that these cracks completed spill serendipity
I separate them neatly when they start breathing scenes best left for a blind patronage
Perhaps your malfunction is a product of something more sinister
A human condition decides on renditions torn from a black white horror show
Freezer burn for our nutrition when the world insists on absurdists amplified
Our sincerity is matched only by electricity extinguished for better imagining
Ghosts consider our progression like hindsight heros
Decadent glee when a plastic choked sea swoons from hurricane hijinks
Paranoid pirates tuck treasure into garbage heap grottos the size of Texas
No map for a wealths navigation
Buried beneath distraction contraptions and know how hardware
No connection like the steadfast junctions that perpetuate envy
Skies cease their indifferent observation and decide on surrender
A wooden giant crumbles while the modern slowly assembles
The vanity runs like storm stained dancers
pooling politely for easy consumption
Scoop the slips and magnify some misconceptions
Sometimes normalcy negates these more formidable formalities
my toes sweat inside the blanket
but far too cold on the outside
you couldn't fake it as a pirate
with the right line in your downtime
you couldn't take it
so you abandoned the ship
before they knew you were captain
then you handed me some shit
you said you got in the hamptons
Off the silvery coast
A starving shipwreck flees
To escape, what can it be?
Just a murdered vessel's remains left at sea
-
On the open wilds, the woody plains of life
There always will be strife
A young woman turned to wife
But she don't love
-
In the icy wilderness, a man treads stoutly on
He is lost, but feels at home
The darkest place is safe, secure, and silent.
-
The hermit waits away the days in shadow, without sun
The hermit waits away the days in peace, without a soul.
The hermit has no need to wander wearily away
Until the break of day
What are the chances that he'll stay?
What are the chances that they'll understand me?
-
You walk a pace, the human race, divided, in your hands
A beach
In water
Sand
They never come together
They are separate.
-
Each one wishes, waits to show
That they indeed are real
They they indeed can feel
That their hearts aren't made of steel
And if pacts were signed they'd boot across the shores to face their fears.
-
A man will show his lover the hidden secrets of his heart
And if they break apart
The secrets will run lost in callous hands
-
Would it be better to isolate?
Or learn to face the pain?
I am lost in hail and rain
And my head is breaking out with sores and sorrows
-
The hermit waits away the days in shadow, without sun
The hermit waits away the days in peace, without a soul.
The hermit has no need to wander
For he has found himself in silence
And there's no need for alliance
No secrets shared, nor hidden passage found.
you don't get to lecture me over tears!
you celt you english, you don't get to that,
unless you want a punch in the face!
you... you get to say the anti-collective
pronoun! you get to say i belong to a they...
your fickle kind that march into the graveyard
and be: at best forgotten...
you don't tell me what, you don't tell me
what i need, you don't tell me what should have
with you, i'll gladly reply: certainly not children,
who'd want to infect that wretched womb
of ill...
i'll go on chasing my "dream" that's a horror
until i'm dead and rot, so i might make
it all the more erotic...
as you saying: a quest for an epitaph.
but i will not hear you talk this crap!
go back to your Thai haven! fuckers... move!
and see why incorporated whives employ
the Indonesian tactic of covering their faces
because of their felt need to express shame!
i have honour in my country of birth,
what does the west have? more shit to sell...
that's about it.. i have too many things to utilise
to ensure i was living, worthwhise...
death does not assort such privileges...
it eats them...
fucking vermin architects,
look at them suctter into the depths,
an octopus might have wrirtten it,
given someone cried and kissed the finger that
rubbed the eye better,
and how tears aren't salty to begin with...
you can really wipe off the tears in your
eye and later lick them off your fingers...
and then write something autocractic to compensate...
simply because you are a man of feeling...
the west wasn't going to enter tha art-form
of dialectics anyway... it was always going
to stance itself as: model-perfect / model--prefect,
it wasn't going to entertain the art!
toward the depths unseen...
paying your taxes under axis
power... what is democracy now? if not a disease?
all it took was sipping on my tears
to define what actually is...
when an old granny congratulates me
for having received a pension: then i'll be happy..
i must be upkeeping the need for
whore if i'm lagging behind imitating hong kong...
there middle men, these con-,
i really don't know what to do with them,
they're just "there", the can't simply disappear...
you can't rub it better with them,
you can't even bleach them to eventually spot them...
but then i do have a love affair
with pirates more so than i have with peasants....
don't know, perhaps it breeds the capacity
to breed narratives...
oh no, not writing anything that might sell..
i feel restaurants to be the most lonely places
in the world...
just as much: when <em>melville</em>...
that could begin and end with:
once upon a time...
mammoths... that could do...
in ol' estonia...
reading homer and figuring mermaids isn't
that much crass as what modern narratives provide...
that said and thus saying:
fiction is stranger than the truth....
does that fact actually exist?
i should reiterate: does that "fact" actuall exist?
it did, it did back when there was a then
so reitereate: so it was.
now? now?! ha ha ha!
you want now to be important?
now is important?
what the fuck is happening now?
if you're not Syrian what else could matter if not
Syria?
i mean language as an object
rather than a per se subject....
what could i possibly fiddle with?
i'm not going to equate this medium to imply
i might play the violin...
all i said was that i drank my tears
from the fountain that was my index finger
wiping them from my eye...
and that after i lodged a stone into my chest
that was to be a heart, and moved on,
careless of what might be considered art...
that once there was love: but somehow
it fizzled out, like opening a bottle of carbonate water
and watching it choke, waiting for the last
bubble to evaporate;
dare i dream? that's hardly a question?
dare i plagiarise? sure, esp. when there is no
basis to create an originality for the basis of movie
or theatre... by then i forget it's a plagiarism
of any worth, and i write: like i might murder 30 people.
shipwrecks on the sea
the bermuda triangle
as far as the eye can see
salt city in our view
the ocean is mysterious as well as you
the sky turns a dark dour hue
crash bang boom
the tide, the waves hit against the ships wooden exterior
acerbic impact like the taste of sea water left on my tongue from the oceans kiss
time warps
delusion and confusion
where are we?
the captain inquires heretofore we were sailing to shore
who are we?
vortex vorticose
we sink
feast ones eyes at the watery waste above us
The taste of that brackish kiss once again
submerging my lungs, the sea is deadly.
Theres an all-too familiar ache
Of being torn in two.
One half of my heart is so well taken care of, safe in its harbor.
But the other half is still out at sea,
out of view of the lighthouse.
And I dont know when it will be back,
or how it will have changed
during its time at sea.
All I know is that it is brave, and this is all so worth the risk
Of high winds and shipwrecks
I have been around for a little while,
Skies have screeched an eternity of a mile
Tracing the paths into exile
On maps drawn on parchment,
Grease pencils smudging inky black recklessness,
That wonder bewitched my eyes in questioning,
Never able to get enough sleep
To wake every morning to dazzling dewy seascapes
Slumber with swirling scent of burning firewood,
Moss and grassy hilltops, a band of lost boys
Shivering with anticipation, a crew of stellar girls
Glistening salmon lips and unpainted complexions
I have been around a little while to know
My heart thumps to escape like pirates
Like those lovely, lovely pirates
Hunting for treasures beyond the wilted horizon
Love me as though you are a ship thats lost the wind from your sails,
But never fearing the weather that I hold.
Love me when I am a raging sea at a bright midnight,
As deeply as an anchor thats fallen against the ocean floor.
And love me more after the tide has broken against the shore,
Bringing a grey morning.
Love me through the thunder and lightning, the hurricane winds;
Until you are no longer afraid of drowning in the waves I carry.
walking down the aisle of the night
where moonbeam shines and the bird takes flight
with your hand in mine
are things alright?
a dare i made to question the fate
of my actions they gladly face
am i here or far away
my heart just takes two steps back.
your smile that i would like to know
that i am the one who made it glow
playground affairs for tiny men
brings us back to simpler days
where love was bright and we steered our ship
against the pirates and wind of seas
this love we both know i would always keep
in the pocket
in the heart
would you do the same if i hadn't told you so?
She once read me her poems,
But the knotical ones,
Not the ones that revealed
Her tragic secrets or past.
That was when I know
She would sooner see me
Become her castaway
On a desert island,
Then on her ship,
Sailing away,
Or standing with her
Hand in hand,
On a beach,
Throwing stones
Into the sea.
I could feel the water seeping through
And knew that our shipwreck
Wasn't too far away or too long now.
And after all out simplicity
After our final curtain fell,
I was just left standing in the dark,
On top of the parts and pieces
Of her sombre ship,
That I stole from her
Like a kiss,
She watched me sail away
As I watched her sink.
-Jamie F. Nugent.
I'm searching for these words to define
what I feel inside.
Nothing really,
but in time
it will be as divine as the poetic dance
of pirates bountiful,
a majestic ringing in the air.
I want to throw a tantrum.
Scream and shout
And kick things that don't need to be kicked.
The bones of my knuckles and hips poke out
A little <em>more</em>
Than they did before.
My finger rings and hip-hugging jeans slip,
Not quite fitting the same way they had.
My skeleton creeping its way ever so slightly
Closer to the surface
Like it wants to get out
And <strong>r u ntoh e r.</strong>
Self-diagnosis: Lovesick.
Before, we were a storybook fairytale
But now our make-believe has something to latch onto.
Like a parasite.
More real
And more torturous
Than the existence of my past self.
I can't crave food the same way I can crave her touch.
My stomach shipwreck still feels the memories
Like they were yesterday's meal.
Has it really been a month?
My emotions ebb and flow
Along the shoreline of my consciousness.
<strong>Lovesickness</strong> courses through my veins
And through the vessel in my chest
Until I fall into a slumber
And in my dreams I have her once again
*If only for a moment.
Were all born to broken people on their most honest day of living
and since that first breath... Well need grace that weve never given
I've been haunted by standard red devils and white ghosts
and it's not only when these eyes are closed
these lies are ropes that I tie down in my stomach,
but they hold this ship together tossed like leaves in this weather
and my dreams are sails that I point towards my true north,
stretched thin over my rib bones, and pray that it gets better
but it wont wont, at least I dont believe it will...
so I've built a wooden heart inside this iron ship,
to sail these blood red seas and find your coasts.
dont let these waves wash away your hopes
this war-ship is sinking, and I still believe in anchors
pulling fist fulls of rotten wood from my heart, I still believe in saviors
but I know that we are all made out of shipwrecks, every single board
washed and bound like crooked teeth on these rocky shores
so come on and lets wash each other with tears of joy and tears of grief
and fold our lives like crashing waves and run up on this beach
come on and sew us together, tattered rags stained forever
we only have what we remember
I am the barely living son of a woman and man who barely made it
but were making it taped together on borrowed crutches and new starts
we all have the same holes in our hearts...
everything falls apart at the exact same time
that it all comes together perfectly for the next step
but my fear is this prison... that I keep locked below the main deck
I keep a key under my pillow, its quiet and its hidden
and my hopes are weapons that Im still learning how to use right
but theyre heavy and Im awkward...always running out of fight
so Ive carved a wooden heart, put it in this sinking ship
hoping it would help me float for just a few more weeks
because I am made out of shipwrecks, every twisted beam
lost and found like you and me scattered out on the sea
so come on lets wash each other with tears of joy and tears of grief
and fold our lives like crashing waves and run up on this beach
come on and sew us together, just some tattered rags stained forever
we only have what we remember
My throat it still tastes like house fire and salt water
I wear this tide like loose skin, rock me to sea
if we hold on tight well hold each other together
and not just be some fools rushing to die in our sleep
all these machines will rust I promise, but we'll still be electric
shocking each other back to life
Your hand in mine, my fingers in your veins connected
our bones grown together inside
our hands entwined, your fingers in my veins braided
our spines grown stronger in time
because are church is made out of shipwrecks
from every hull these rocks have claimed
but we pick ourselves up, and try and grow better through the change
so come on yall and lets wash each other with tears of joy and tears of grief
and fold our lives like crashing waves and run up on this beach
come on and sew us together, were just tattered rags stained forever
we only have what we remember
Ghostly scars searching; murky and lively waters provide a forceful and ill advised navigable pull of a wave. The seas play tug-of-war with me and this rueful rolling mix of waves, as ill-tempered breezes under a sailors dead moon illuminates in silence the cold ships that are still afloat on bludgeoning white caps of yesteryear.
This old pirate moon hangs freely while singing bout our lord, and death shapeless now and not conforming, it sails in the black beauty of space-time reaching out with its waspishly fingers attempting to eat a foray of phantom ships in the blackish night.
Churning old waves, it stirs the gulls in flight, which are quietly viewed from the mast of those ghost ships that once plied the seas, searching still, and seeking those turbulent clouds that resemble an old sailor in the dizzying stillness among liquid moonbeams and their razor-like glow;
Oh, the shark,
Babe, she has such teeth, dear / and it shows
Those pearly whites

Your whispered messages are a potent voice.
And every splash sounds like applause among the jagged rocks along my imaginations coastline...
How deathly afraid was i now of your hurtful waves?
Flowing outward with an undulating motion, a forceful agitation-
Revealing my reflection, now anchored to this mournful nightlight,
Illuminating the "uh-oh's" swimming across
my cold sailors
trembling mouth-
by "ooznozz"
I love anagrams as they speak the satirical truth
(I know tons of anagrams)
E.g.
Here is a great example of how anagrams work for say making a person younger if overweight.
1
A pirate says Yo Ho Ho, then drinks Rum, so avoid booze it makes us older and fatter, right? He becomes an old fatty pirate right? Angry grumpy nasty etc...
2
Magellan was a pirate in search of the fountain of youth, right?
3
Watch this magic anagram
Yo ho ho tune unfit fat
=
The fountain of youth
Same exact letters switched around
DaVe
We live under floorboards
on watch until you to come.
You won't see the threat
in this ghost town facade,
but we will bind you in chains
and we'll drag you along.
We will pillage what is useful
until all is merely none.
We need your water,
but we don't need your food.
For dinner tonight,
the main dish is you.
We feed upon life and
take pride in your deaths.
We're the one's who live on.
You're survivors at best.
Ive spent too much time over the years drifting with pirates, travelling on seas not meant for me.
Ive finally built my own vessel. One strong enough to withstand the grandest of storms and while I might still be learning how to adjust my sails and have no idea where Im heading, I do know that Im ready for one hell of an adventure.
I want to be with pirates
Wed have fun
Adventure!
My best friend wanted to be a ninja
Stupid
Ninjas train too much
They can never be loud
They can never be fun
You see us pirates
Oh man we get the party started
And the boats rockin
No pun intended
With no such thing as time
We have no where to be
Let down the sail
Ocean air breathes life into our direction
We take what we want
And we drink way too much
On a daily basis
Wearing eye patches even though
We have perfectly good eyes behind them
Thats the fun of it
Have you noticed my beard?
Its seven oceans thick
Seen more battles than history books
Our ship is the closest thing
We have for a soul
Yeah, its a little dirty
But its fun
Nobody has a home
So we embark on whats in our hearts
We dont listen to our heads
Theres no fun in that kind of thinking
Our hearts are chaotic
Passion in the form of crashing waves
So,
Show me adventure
There once was a rabbit named bunny
From nose to his toes he was amazingly fluffy
He was raised with tales of adventure
Of places his grandfather used to venture
He spent days and nights listening to his tales
Of pirates, princesses and magnificent space whales!
One day bunny decided to leave his home
He was determined to go on an adventure alone!
Bunny was a strong rabbit he didn't need any help!
And off he went with all his things strapped to his belt
Games, candy and blankets for when it was night
Binoculars for things just out of his sight
And off to he went to the places his grandpa had seen
He traveled at day, crossing a ridge almost losing a shoe
At night he discovered all his games were meant for two!
Adventuring was not as fun as it seemed
Bunny hopped around not knowing what to do
So he hopped up a tree to see the full moon
Not realizing that his loneliness would be ending soon
That was when Bunny met a cat named Roo
Roo, Some would say, was a very strange cat
He never left home without his strung out hat
His fluffy furry belly was covered in spots
Roo's strung out gaze made him look permenantly lost
Roo was a bright cat, a bit of a loon
Bunny was skeptical of this Roo had no doubt
As he pointed to the sky and gave out a shout
Bunny my buddy we're going to the moon!
Roo and Bunny wasted no time!
They built the though that came into Roo's mind
Rope, engines and wood they needed it all
The Things they gathered made a pile mighty tall
Days turned into weeks and weeks turned into days
Bunny could never tell, Roo's calender told time in a very weird way
Both friends happy as can be, oh my how they shone
Looking at their spaceship, they were finally done!
Bunny and Roo we're ready at dawn
The ship went forward it began to shake
Bunny imagined the clouds they would soon overtake
Giddy
excited
there was a sky to be won!
They pierce the clouds as if they were open gates
Then it finally hit them
they were in space!
He could not believe he was seeing things from his grandfathers tales
Out in the distance he could make out a space whale!
There it was flying above the skies
A pool of wisdom hidden deep within his eyes
There they were admiring the stars
Roo took a wrong turn and they ended up in Mars!
there they met a very fine mouse
Who was married to a sweet and chubby spouse
They stayed at their home for days
While the mice showed them their martian ways
They traveled up and down mars together
and found that the whole planet was made of cheddar!
All their food came from a huge river of cheese
It gave them more food than the mice could possibly eat
Bunny and Roo enjoyed this martian weather
Although they knew, they could not stay there forever
So they gathered their stuff and packed up their bags
They said goodbye to the mice who were very good chaps
The duo was back in space!
Who knew the form their next adventure would take?
I'd like to tell you something, Roo
and this is true
I am so glad that I travel together with you
He smiled, Bunny learned something, Roo was glad
Wisdom was about to come from this very strange cat
Adventurers know this, they know it full well
To share an adventure with someone is absolutely swell!
Because even if the adventure might come to an end
What you gain is not only a story but also a friend
Even though they might eventually part
An end eventually comes to every start
A time will come where one or the other might go home
Both of them knew that from then on they'd never be alone
Nauclatic (fairgoers): The deeply spiritually intertwined with nature just being introduced to the comforts of civilization
Rengall: Reified by concrete effrontery in discovery (Indiana jones)
flagstall: to lose national unity because of corruption
Escraven: timid in the usage of secret terminology
Glaggle: impress with gobbledygook that is divorced from substance
Flagstag: an undue importance of inconsequential elections
Fritty: someone who wastes their time
Gollumny: "my precious"
Akabu: deserted time-travelers stranded in the future or the past
kloffen: A placid body of water
Hermallop: dumping an uglier woman for a hotter one
Radiohoo: fake top secret rap and pop music
Radioglare: Menacing threats by objectionable musical trends
Aushehotaria: Having an O.B.E. relationship
Wickersnatcher: Stolen time travel pirate goods/pirates
Slalem: navigating the esoteric in common contemplation
scroogid: Spoilsport based on false expectations
Xenucography: Cryogenic attempts at eternal life
Qwersy: too popular to be fucked with
Minimasque: No fucks given about poor people
Oxyholotron: specious time travel paradox
Errid: poor mismanagement that leads to drought
wavesnatcher: chronic pirate of obscure music
Niminal: sea monster of pain
Retrude: introducing obsolescence that is unplanned
Qart: art apportionment among museums
Grimsuetude: Morose temperament impaired deeply
Qwestun: Cast System of Extras
Vilium: Missing obvious sexual opportunities
Veridium: Success with women
laskerade: Free-for-all euphoric party
seguage: Connections among times
Hortosynchrony: simultaneously played chants
Vangermyte: Sycophant NSA agents that cozy up to the stock market
Primitude: first in line
primiventure: first expedition
quilldoten: keep it on wax
jengadangle: arbitrage based on financial collapse or playing the VIX
Chrenodendron: Ancient Time Traveler
Chrenodamiange: Near future time traveler to the past
Chrenoid: seen a time machine before
Chrystrenic: The pacification and mollification of sentiment
Jakatta: wisdom of the disguiseans
ugmentum: bad trends continuing
Jocknee: To worship sports
Hackencrude: Stupid vituperative pornographic sentiments
Gullarge: a large unassailed lie fed by the media
glawson: To browbeat with nepotism in legal cases
virecreant: A male person that never flirts with women
hollertrap: Announcing non-neutrality in a world that is divided
qwink: sex between celebrities
qwasthink: an intricate pattern of visualized words
Trocket: Synergized tree-minds meeting in one body
Squirebell: A formal diplomat
Yessurp: Codeine addict
Matrhine: A smart German
poiliosis: a fake disease that is artificial
Dubois: A teed to the nines gangster that robs the corrupt blind
Flissoid: Gloss, beauty, eloquence but nasty personal hygiene among women
Reskig: Sparing animals from painful slaughter
Salug: a salute that hurts your reputation
The ultimate Dragon Poem and a childhood favourite of mine which still sends shivers to this day...
Puff, the magic dragon lived by the sea
And frolicked in the autumn mist in a land called Honahlee
Little Jackie paper loved that rascal puff
And brought him strings and sealing wax and other fancy stuff oh
Puff, the magic dragon lived by the sea
And frolicked in the autumn mist in a land called Honahlee
Puff, the magic dragon lived by the sea
And frolicked in the autumn mist in a land called Honahlee
Together they would travel on a boat with billowed sail
Jackie kept a lookout perched on puff's gigantic tail
Noble kings and princes would bow whene'er they came
Pirate ships would lower their flag when puff roared out his name oh
Puff, the magic dragon lived by the sea
And frolicked in the autumn mist in a land called Honahlee
Puff, the magic dragon lived by the sea
And frolicked in the autumn mist in a land called Honahlee
A dragon lives forever but not so little boys
Painted wings and giant rings make way for other toys
One grey night it happened, Jackie Paper came no more
And puff that mighty dragon, he ceased his fearless roar
His head was bent in sorrow, green scales fell like rain
Puff no longer went to play along the cherry lane
Without his life-long friend, puff could not be brave
So Puff that mighty dragon sadly slipped into his cave oh
Puff, the magic dragon lived by the sea
And frolicked in the autumn mist in a land called Honahlee
Puff, the magic dragon lived by the sea
And frolicked in the autumn mist in a land called Honahlee
Gabriel,
have we not set sail upon this ship once before?
And did it not sink at the sight of a storm?<em>
</em>*Lillian,
we built that ship in arms,
and when we sank,
we sank together.
Our wood was fragile and water torn,
but I've come baring steal.
There I was
Drunk on the move
talkin' it up
gettin into my groove
and along they came
four seasons in all
but who I met first
I can't seem to recall
summer was sweet
fall and winter were chill
but not until spring came
did I feel the thrill
we talked for awhile
she told me "wait here"
so that's where I sat
alone with my beer
it's all up to chance now
I can't do a thing
I could just be sitting here
waiting for spring
but shortly I saw her
come in through the door
stepping over a pirate
and "Micheal Phelps" on the floor
she sat with me there
I'd not waited in vain
I hope that this girl
lets me see her again
But a glassy eyed vampire
burst in wearing flip-flops
and said to the crowd
"better split, its the cops!"
and split we all did
had to make wing
now she's gone again
and I'm waiting for spring
days later on campus
I saw her once more
no costume or liquor
feet firm on the floor
we laughed for awhile
but she had to split
I asked all cool
and she gave me her digits
we kicked it again
now I wait for the ring
and once more I find myself
waiting for spring
You are so summer.
You are baskets of wild flowers
and dew drops on grass leaves.
The scent of peppermint carried steady
on a soft wind - that'syou.
Stranded in the palm of your hand:
a glass shipwreck -I am stuck
like tired eyes on candleflames.
You are so late nights; early mornings,
pastel shades of rising skies.
Paint me lilacs and baby blues.
Picture me in the pink of spring
under satin dresses; silk songbirds
singing breezes, sewing seeds.
Wrap me up in cold arms while
I wrap you in the warmth of dusk.
You make the sunset blush
every time you step out of your car.
I watch you wipe the dust off the horizon
in a single brushstroke,
I am in love withthe view.
My veins are filled with sunshine
that spills from the stereo.
You can't take me home
if I make a bed in your fingerprints.
never a doubt my preference
for dreaming of a muse before paying the rent
or walking along the river and seeing
the nymphs I dream of playfully naked singing
a tune
instead of going to work
again
hiding in the bushes to watch
birds coo
or climbing the highest tree
to view an ocean in the middle of Alabama
I make up
severalmermaids populate this sea
along with serpents
vitriolic pirates sailing away to rob the
scalliwag English
in the Pub about midnight after visiting regions
of my mind
I take sense and remember last time
I had my last pint
too early,
Friday was a scant paycheck, so...
There's this little shop in heaven
They call it Cocoa Palace
It's where God creates the world's greatest chocolates!
Idris Elba was made there
Boris Kodjo too
This is where Tyrese was double dipped
&amp; where 2 Chainz got the juice
...
This shop is open to the public
So all the little girls (&amp; boys) in line can have a little of chocolate too!
I've been in line a few times cause you see
A girl, like me, has an allergy
Cocoa could literally kill me
So God sends me gifts
Every now &amp; again
To see which chocolates my body can stand
There was mocha with nuts
A beautiful cheating candy bar
There was double dipped chocolate fudge
I knew that was going too far
I shouldn't press my luck
He even sent white chocolate macadamia
But even that didn't fuck with my taste buds
...
Recently I turned 21
&amp; I knew He had something special wrapped up
He sent an import with hints from the islands
The type of chocolate ordered by queens &amp; stolen by pirates
A special order for me
Milk chocolate dipped in honey
Drizzled with black licorice
Coated with a mouth piece
It even came with instructions
Savor slowly please
Negative reaction? Not yet
So maybe it's meant to be
Was this God's Special recipe?
....
Of course not, baby, you have an allergy .
I woke up on a ship upon the sea
And I have no idea where I'm going
None of this looks familiar to me
I'm just taken wherever the wind is blowing
The captain's got no teeth, says he wants me for his bride
His crew is all prepared to please his heart
If I don't do as they say, I'll get a sword in my side
And be forced to walk the plank to feed the sharks
So I do just as they say,
and we drink the night away
Singing pirate songs
and letting our arms sway
Dancing with these scalawags
until the light of day
Married to my pirate man,
I guess I'm here to stay
I threw my heart away.
It's a bundle of shipwrecks.
Until he told me,
"That's not a way to fix it."
I pushed him away, too, just like my heart.
Only then, I had a glance of his hands.
It was a mess.
With wounded hands,
his grip was constant,
To the beating heart he had mended.
entablature archetypal wrangle arguable arraign arrest ascribe arsenal article artificial artisan ascension austere askance obliquely aspire assail assault assay assert diligence obsequious assimilate stigma perspicacious astute asunder atman atrium attrition intrepid autonomous avarice avert avocation azimuth azure abbreviate aberrant abhorrent relinquish loathe abstinence abstentionabysmal accelerate accordance accoutrement accrue exasperate acquaintance baccalaureate bacillus backbite baggage ballistic baluster bandolier banister barrage barranca barrier bartizan basilica bastion batholiths bathyscaphe battalion batten battle bauble bawdy beastly bestial beckon beacon bazaar bizarre Bedouin beguile behavior beleaguer belligerent belvedere berserk beseech bewilder bezant bicker bigamy bight bilk billet billiard billow biogenic biscuit bivouac blatancy blizzard bodacious boggle bollix bombardier boudoir bouquet butte boutique bower brassier mesa breach breech brochure brogue brooch broach bruise brusque buccaneer buffoon bureau buttress buxom caffeine cauldron calisthenics calligraphy callous camouflage campaign campanile cannery cannibal canny cantaloupe cantankerous cantilever capacity capillary capricious carbohydrate caricature carnivorous carouse carriage cartography casserole cassette cataclysm catastrophe cache categorical caterwaul cavalier cauliflower celerity alacrity cellophane cellulose cemetery centennial cereal cerebellum ceremonial cesarean cessation chaff challenge champagne chandelier changeable chaparral charade chargeable chassis chateau chauffer chauvinism Cheshire chiaroscuro chicanery chiffon chigger chrysanthemum cipher circuit citadel clairvoyant clastic clique coalesce coercible coincidental colloquial colossal column combustible communicable community commute complacency compulsory comradery conceit conceal concession confetti conglomerate conjugal connive connoisseur consensus constellation consummate continuity contrivance convalesce convenient convertible convolution copasetic copious corduroy coriolis cornucopia corollary corpse corpuscle correlate correspondent corridor corroborate corrosion corrugate corrupt costume counselor countenance counterfeit courageous courier courtesy covert covetous cranny crease credenza credulity crescent cripple criterion crochet crocodile croissant crotchety crucial cruel cryptic cuddle cuisine cul-de-sac culinary culpable culvert cumbrous cummerbund cunnilingus cunning curare curiosity curtilage curtsy curvaceous custody cylindrical cymbal cynicism cyst dabble daffodil daiquiri damsel dastardly dazzle deceit debilitate debonair debris debutant decency decipher decimate deconcentrate decorum decrepit dedicate defamation defendable defensible deference deficient deficit definitive defoliate delectable deliberate delicatessen delinquent delirious demarcate dementia demolish demure denigrate dentil denunciation deplorable depreciate dereliction derisory derrick descent desirable despair desperate despicable despondent destine deterrent detonate deviance devisal devisor devour dexterous diabolicalness diagnosis dialogue diamond diaphragm diarrhea dichondra dawdle differentia difficulty diffuse dilapidate dilate dilemma diligent dilute diminutive dinghy dinosaur directordirigible disadvantageous disastrous disperse disciplinary discomfiture discordant discotheque discreet discrete discrepancy disgust disguise dishevel dispersal dissect dissention dissertation dissident dissipate dissolve dissonant distillate distortion distraught disturbance divvy docile docket doctrinal dodder kinky eccentric linguistics domical dominate domineer dominion dossier doubloon douse drawl dreary dubious dulcet dungeon duodenum duress dwindle dynamism dynasty ebullition echinoderm eclectic ecliptic economist ecumenism edifice editor educe effervesce efficacious egalitarian elaborate elapsed eerie elegy eligible eliminate elite elixir elongate elucidate elusion eluviation emaciate embarrass embassy embellish embezzle embroidery embryo emissary emollient emphatic enchilada encore encumbrance endeavor endogenous endure engender ensemble enthusiast entourage entrepreneur epaulet epitome erratic erroneous escapade esophagus espionage esplanade etcetera ethereal etiquette eucalyptus eulogy exaggerate exacerbate excellency exhilarate expectant exquisite facetious Fahrenheit fallacy fanion fealty feisty frisky felicitous fenestration ferocious fertile fervent fickle fictitious fiery finesse finial fjord flaccid fledge flippant flirtatious flivver fluctuate follicle forbearance forbiddance forehand forebode forceps forfeit forgo forlorn formidable foundry foyer fracas fraught frivolous frolic frontier funnel copious furrow fuselage fusillade futile forgone frivolity frolic galaxy galleon galoot galore galoshes gambit gangrene ganglion gargantuan gargoyle gardenia garret garrote gasolier gatling gawky gazebo gazelle gazette geezer geisha gendarme generosity genre genteel gentry genuine geodesic geranium gesticulate ghastly giggle gigolo gimmick giraffe gizzard glacier glamour glimmer glimpse glisten glottis gluteus gluttony glyph gnarly gnaw goddess godling gorgeous gorilla gory gossamer gourd gouts gracious gradient granary grandeur granulation grapple gratify gratuitous gregarious grenade committee grievance griffin gristle grotesque gristly grotto grouch groupie grisly grovel grudge gruel gruesome gubernatorial guerrilla guffaw guidable guidon guile guillotine gullet gymnasium gyrate habitable hacienda haggard halibut halitosis hallelujah hallow halyard hammock harangue harass harried hasp hatred haughty hearth hedonism hegira heinous hegemony hemisphere hemophilia hemorrhage herbivorous hereditary heresy heritage heroine hesitate hibiscus hidden hideous hieroglyphic highfalutin high-rise hilarity hippopotamus hoarse holler holocaust holster homicidal horror hosiery hurricane hydrant hydraulic hydronic hyena hygiene hyphen hypnotize hypochondria hypocrisy hypocrite hypotenuse hysteria idiocy igloo ignoramus ignore illicit illiterate illustrate imbecile immaculate immaterial immature immersible immigrant immune impasse impeccable impedance impenetrable impervious imperfect implement implicate implicit important impressible innately inert impression impugn inadequate inanimate inauspicious incandescent incantation incarcerate incentive incinerator inclusion incoercible incompressible incontrovertible controversy indefatigable inconvertible inconvincible incorruptible indices indictment indigent indigestion digestible indignant indiscretion indiscreet indisiplined indiscernible inducible inebriate ineffable inefficacy ineludible inexorable inexpiable inextricable infallible infatuation inferior inflammatory inflexible infuriate inimitable iniquitous infuse infusion ingenuity ingratiate inimical innards innocence innovate innumerable inoculation insatiable insectivorous insincerity insinuation inspection inspirator instability installation insurance insufferable insufficiency insurrection insupportable integrity intellect intelligence intemperance intension interaction interception intercession interdiction interface interference interpolate interrogate interrupt intersperse intervene interstice intractable intergalactic intransigent intravenous intrepid intricate intrigue introductory introject intrude inundate invective invariable invertebrate investigate intuitive invertible investiture inveterate inviable invidious inviolate invigorate invincible invoke invocation invalidate involute invulnerable impregnable ionosphere ipso-facto irascible iridescent eradicable irrational irredeemable irrefragable irrefutable irregular anomalous irrelevant irreproachable irrepressible irresistible irrevocable irreverent irresponsible irritative irrigate irritability isolable isosceles isostasyissuance isthmus italicize iterative itinerary interjection jackass jackhammer jackknife jackpot jackrabbit jaguar jai alai jalopy jalousie jamboree Japanese jacquerie Jacobin jargonize jaunt javelin jealous jehoshaphat jeopardy jocular jouncy journal jubilant jubilee judgment judicature judicious juggernaut jugular juke julep juncture junta jurisprudence juvenilia juxtaposition kahuna kalpa kamikaze kerf kangaroo karat ken katzenjammer katydid kempt kerosene kewpie khaki kibitz kibosh kilter kimono kinesiology kleptomaniac knell knowledge knuckle kook kowtow kulak kyrie labyrinth laccolith laceration lackadaisical laconic lacunar lacquer lagging laissez-faire lamprey languish lanyard lapidary laputan larceny lariat laryngeal larynx lascivious latent latter lattice latrine launderette lavatory laxity lechery legacy bequeath legend leister lei leisure lemming leniency lentic leopard lethal lethargy lettuce leviathan levitate lexical liable levity liaison libation liberate licentious lieutenant ligament lilac limnetic limousine limpid lineage lynchpin lineolate lingerie lingual liniment linoleum liquefy litany literacy lithesome littoral lizard loath local loiter longevous loquacity lottery louver lucidity lucrative ludicrous luminary lummox lurid luscious lyricism machinator machinelike machismo macrocosm besmirched machiavellian mackerel mademoiselle maelstrom maggoty magisterial magnanimous magnifico maintenance malaprop malarkey malediction malamute malicious malign malinger malleable mandarin maneuver mange maniacal mannequin manure manzanita maquette maraca maraschino marauder marbleize marbly marionette marmalade marquee marquetry marrow marshal marshmallow martyr mascara masochism massacre matriarchy maudlin mausoleum maxillary mayonnaise meager meandrous medial medieval megalith mediocre Mediterranean megalomania melancholy melee membrane memorabilia menagerie mercenary mendacity meritorious mesmeric mesquite metallurgy metaphor meticulous metronome metropolitan mezzanine micrometer midriff mien demeanor millennium minarets minion minuscule minutia misanthropic miscellaneous mistletoe moccasin modus operandi monaural mongrel monotony morgue morose morsel moribund mortgage mosaic mosque mosquito motley mottle mucous membrane mucus mullion multifarious munificent museum musketeer mutable mustache mutineer myopic myrmidon mystique nave narcissism narcosis narrate nausea navigable Neanderthal necklace needle nefarious negligible nemesis neophyte nertsynerve-racking nestle nether newfangled nocturnal nonchalant non sequitur normative Norwegian nostalgic nuisance nullify obedient obeisance obelisk obese objectify oblate oblique obliterate oblivious obsess obsolete obsolescence obstacle obstinate occupy occurrence ocelot odious oedipal officiate ogle ogre oligarchy omelet omnificent omniscient ontological argument oodles oomph opaque operable operative opossum optimal orangutan orchard orchestra ordinance oregano orgiastic oriel oriole ornery orphan osculate ostensive ostrich osteology oust overwhelm overwrought oyster pachyderm pacific pageant painstaking palate palaver libel palette pallet palomino pamphleteer panorama pantheism parapet paradigm papier-mch paraffin paralyze parishioner parliament parody parquetry parsimonious pasteurize pathogenic payola pedophile pediment pendant pendentives penicillin pennant pentathlon perception percussion perennial parameter perimeter peripheral peristalsis permissible pernicious perron perseverance persistent persona persnickety personnel persuasion petite pertinacious pessimistic pestilent pestle petticoat petulant phallus phantasmagoria pharaoh pharmaceutical peasant philander phenomenal philosopher phlegm phoenix phooey phosphoresce physique picayune picturesque piety pilfer finagle pilaster pillage pineapple pinnacle piquant pique piteous pitiful pittance pizzazz placate placenta plagiarism plaintiff plateau platypus plausible plinth plunderous pluvial poinsettia pollutant polygamy pommel ponderous portico portiere portentous prairie precipitous predecessor predicate predilection preeminent preempt preferential premier preparation preposition prerogative presumption pretentious preternatural privilege proclivity prodigious proffer progenitor progeny promissory promontory propellant propensity propound proselyte prospectus protg protocol protuberant pseudonymptomaine pulchritudinous pursuant pygmy pylon python qualm quarrel quarry quash queer quell querulous quibble quitter quixotic rabbet rabbit rabbi radiant rambunctious rancor rankle raspberry rethink rebellion recant recital reconcile redundant referral reglet relevant reluctant remiss reminiscent remnant rendezvous renegade repartee reprieve repertoire repetitious reprehensive reprisal repugnant rescind reservoir resistant resurgence resurrect revelry reverie retaliate reticent retrieve retrograde reveille reverberation reversible reversion rhapsody rhetoric rheumatism rhinoceros rhinoceri rhubarb ribaldry ricochet riddance rigmarole risqu rive rollick Romanesque Rosicrucian rotisserie rotunda rogue roulette rubato ruminate rusticate sabotage sabbat saboteur sacrilege sadomasochist salacious salmon salutatory samurai sapphire sarcasm sarcophagus sardonic sarsaparilla sassafras sassy satiate satirical saturate saunter savoir-faire savvy scabbard scaffold scalawag scarcity scathe scenario scenic schism sciatic nerve scrotum scintillate scissor scourge scrawny scrimmage scribble scruffy scrounge scrumptious scrunch scrupulous scrutiny scurry scythe sedition seethe seismic self-applause seltzer semiporcelain seniority sensible sensual separate sepulcher sequel sequin sequoia serape serenade sheaves serendipityservant settee shabby shackle shanghai shanty shellac shenanigan Sherlock shirk shish kebob shoulder shrapnel shriek shrubbery shtick shush shyster Siamese sibyl significant simile simplicity simultaneous sinewy siphon skeptic skiff skillet skirmish skullduggery slaughter sleazy sleeve sleuth slither slough sluice smart alecksmidgensmithereenssmoldersmorgasbord snazzy sneer snide snivel snorkel sobriety socioeconomic sojourn solder soldier solemn solicit soluble solvent sombrero somersault soothe soprano sophisticate sophomore sortie souffl sousaphone souse spiel souvenir sovereign spaghetti spandrel sparrow spatter sphinx spatula species specific spectacle spectral spelt sphincter spinach spinneret spiritual splatter splitting splurge sprysplutter sporadic sprawl sprinkler spree sprightly squawk spurious sputtersquabble squalor squander squeak squeal squeamish squeeze squiggle squinch squirrel stable squoosh stabilizer stagnant stagnate stalactite stalagmite stammer stampede stationary stationery statue statuesque statute staunch stealthy stein stellar stench stencil stoic steppe sterile stickler stifle stimulant stingy stirrup stolid strafe straggle strangulate stratagem strategy strenuous stretch strident stringent strudel streusel strychnine studious stultify stupe stupefy stupendous special stylus stymie styptic sublimate subliminal submergible substitute submersible subpoena subsequent subsidiary substantiate suburb subversion success succession succinct succor succulent succumb sufferance suffocate suggest suicidal sully sultry sumptuous sundae sundry superfluous superior supersede superstitious surreal supplicate surrender surrogate survey surveillance suspension suspicion sustenance swarthy swastika swath swear sweaty swelter swerve swindle swivel swizzle sycamore syllable symphony symposium symptom syndicate syndrome synonym synonymous synopsis synthetic syphilis syringe syrup suffrage tableau tabloid tacit tambourine tandem tangible tarantula tarot taunt technique telekinesis temperamental temperance thence temporal temporary tenuous tequila terrace terrain terrific terrify tetanus tether thatch thistle thither through though throat throttle thwack thwart ticklish tiffany timbre tirade titillate toboggan tolerant tongue top-notch topographytortoise trauma tortuous torturous tourist tracery tournament tourniquet trachea traffic tragedy tragic traipse traitor tranquility transcend travesty transcribe treachery treatise trellis trepidation trestle trinket triplicate triumphant trivial troglodyte troubadourtrousers truncate tumultuous tundra turbid turpitude turquoise tutelage twixt twiddle twitter tycoon tyke typhoon tyrannical tyrannize tyranny umbrella unfulfilled unanimous usury undulate unequivocally unguent urethra unpre
My grandfather was a high priest
a conjurer
a man who denied his own existence
he never played with guns until he shot himself
when no one was looking
I was 11 years in the making
slowly brought to fruition
pale of skin, almost colorless
my father did not know what to do with me
he would stare me down in the middle of the night
I learned to look away
or perhaps I was looking right at him
I took to tears easily
and threw tantrums even when I was happy
I once stood on my head
for 3 days, 2 hours &amp; 27 minutes
my parents took me to a shrink
who was also a gymnast
I spoke upside-down to him
he nodded his head and tapped his feet
and cartwheeled across the room
but I dont think he really understood
My other grandfather was a Civil War general
or maybe it was the Spanish American war
he spoke in anagrams and wove intricate tapestries
he gave to the needy
he died late in life of a variety of sketchy illnesses
I was told he never laughed
neither did he sigh much
he was actually a lawyer
but wheres the poetry in that?
There are no dancers in my family, alas,
nor circus acrobats
but Im pretty sure there were sailors going way back
and perhaps a pirate or two
and definitely a damsel in distress
My parents met on a foggy foggy day
from then on they never saw each other clearly
still they married &amp; had children
one two three and four
one was a boy with a great hook shot
two was also a boy who could run and run and run
three was me
and four was a girl who got lost in the shuffle
We settled in a ramshackle bungalow on Park Avenue
no, wait, thats some other familys tall tale
I began to grow wings at the age of seven
but I refused to learn to fly
kids would taunt me and tease me
saying, Fly, angel boy, fly!
They once dragged me to the edge of a cliff
and flung me over
I just rolled up into a ball and spun downward
multiplying numbers in my head to dull the pain
when I landed on the ground I tossed my wings aside
and skipped backwards all the way home
One summers day
sick with fever and crows battering my brain
I discovered something inexplicably enticing
it fell upon my shoulders
down my chest and torso
I began speaking in tongues
became a true believer
my mother found tell tale signs one Christmas Eve
On that most silent of nights
she raised her voice
and demanded answers
I took the Fifth
not knowing what I was doing,
how could I explain it
She brought in the doctors and the experts
and even a shaman or two
they examined me up
they examined me down
they tested my brain waves
they locked me in a closet filled with suits and ties
they made me watch westerns &amp; war movies
morning noon and night
and when the tumult and the shouting
and the misguided attempts
to brand me with normalcy died down
I gathered up my tears and danced once again
into a sweet and mysterious underworld
Patches the pirate.
Meek on the outside.
A titan on the inside.
Bringing win percentages up,
more than Rag shots can.
Shaking up aggro,
seasoning it with salt.
A legendary,
striking paralysing fear.
2 years across 7 seas,
in ladder- and touney-decks.
Hahaha,Ben Brode chuckled,
Im in charge soon come to an end.
Don't let the beating
waves drag me away.
Don't let the waves part
us apart. Don't let the
ocean's salt erode
our bones.
Hold me like a pirate
does with his treasure.
Hold me like a lover with
pleasure. Hold me the
way lost people do with
rain drops in the sahara
desert.
Keep me close to your
chest.
Let me rest my tired
body against your flesh
and bones. Let me rest
the way clams do when
they wash up on
abandoned
shores.
Tired and exhausted.
Lost and not found. But
yet they try not to
breakdown.
As they keep buried in
the golden sands with
their shells shut on the
pearls that rest upon
their rose pink
tongues* ~
Life is a pirate that
Sails the open sea,
Raging his fierce sword to
Any that dares to challenge thee.
Hatred is his worst enemy
Who vows to destroy his hope
And the reign of love,
Leaving him hanging by a rope.
A battle is inevitable, a bloody one
In fact. One will surely fall.
Many innocent people will be victims
Of this bloody conflict, as the other stand up tall.
The loser will be forced to bow
Down on his knees and mope.
And all his followers lefted will witness
Him hanging by a rope.
His muscle will buckle up
And his limbs will dangle down.
His voice will scream for help
But no one will hear a sound.
His eyes will open wide
And his body will slowly slope.
He will gag for more air
While he is hanging by a rope.
like know just time mind life feel world lost say we're things think love there's does people night away way thought got words long reality want better left make end eyes day man human dark experience remember really right death memory going place high good live city thoughts soul meaning great pain home sky believe shall change living oh fall light choice god consciousness existence years cause hard feeling thinking fear times 'cause dreams ask alive heart need past felt days dream sensation truth true use power knowledge wrong stars understand baby tell state thing face wave broken old you'll wave new broken nature you'll fuck mental look far ah drug moment best ago air lose sleep dare try leave beautiful blue born lives escape sublime doesn't body dawn friends waiting feels young daze game control perception gone story mean sun head given writing act difference reason poetry philosophy psyche little trying touch deep greatest wonder choose drugs exist we'll moments score hold play set run self forget coming hope word future dead wish burn music emotion rain stop gaze pleasure glass one's what's lies sense wake hit remain real work bad stay open brain art seek space present happy spent acid pill social we've they're half-light used land held gotta help lie path finally listen actually longing rave water cold seeking caught energy reflection information anymore venturous goes came red hide start truly hand evil divine subtle matter kind lonely yes told eternity keeps line black edge ego context dusk horizon gonna spiritual tripping dimension data die white kill seen means care getting saw places sure freedom looking hurt fool wind flow search chance la took broke existential summer content flowing belief praise empyrean empathy discovery chemical aeon couldn't who's turn forth bit question eye judgement pray passion sound personal worth memories sanity accept universe embrace lack knows free makes rise language decide consider temporal society gain wander conscious stuff religious comprehend particle psychedelic metaphysics you've entheon absurdia entactus maybe ready fate realize family meant return perfect learn miss spirit doubt rest loved minds health moving mortal bring expression sleeping cast lines purpose quiet known strange infinite king months madness haze depths ate party patterns oneself psychedelion inside guess crowd later silent clear soft breath hours hate dust forgotten arms drink fast year war longer close searching morning ashes calm beauty darkness different justice fell friend shadows knowing fine youth heavy standing sweet enjoy explain vain simple chasing hidden ends smoke gold heaven follow point person breaking necessary today relief action cool possible bass generation lying listening machine yeah substance hath engine forlorn problem subject intangible study effort quantum definitions dopamine psychedelics we'd sigma cybran apotheon isn't empathion clouds practice gave warm wanted stand poem wait storm met asleep course skies crime surely grow depression write loose fair ecstasy knew dreaming humanity waves share taken simply faith playing sands view fix winter afraid began wise welcome comprehension sought late big zero table says bliss changed repetition everybody blame unto maze understanding mr explore states ignore addiction venture define teenage american humans billion she's wasn't 'til sonder walk smile tonight speak dance skin blood breathe fears illuminate worse peace girl crave easily emotions feelings shit having force ways lets catch meet hair doors worlds hearts destroy heard walking near hurricane wisdom lights second suicide ignorance fresh waking sadness grand happiness appear rising scared save join adventure neon outside alike liberty particles wonderful compounds killed somebody grace merely closer company desert master twisted realm respect trance ridiculous sex exile pondering noble dangerous absurd nation progress culture contradiction perceive irish urban phenomena cyberspace scoreboard psi ain't you'd mydriasis entheogenesis damn ones taste throw watch painting room alas lay history spend apart sea staring poet fact cut smell happened admit river wasted brought leaves making answer sorry glow learned decided grasp breeze bed begin pretty floor lived sole sand cure awake sight tears barely kept running safe roam willing prefer mist heads asked prose wandering sounds imagine looked hour growing recognize soon falls mirror treat dirty brother climb hero problems granted digital proud changes birth quest age spring aware doing witness names amazed fucked despite takes condition intoxication level beginning worked pupils decision object insanity rhythm medium quality weather physical false process strife individual journey doth code effects abandoned channel judge notions moral swear experienced greater chain natural thunderous cleanse determine shivering hallowed plus reckon caused adolescence media superposition addict connection indigo ethics survived definition reasoning internet feedback vibrancy serotonin cyclone hacker sardonic surreality virtuality here's he's sunyata temporality junkie's empathos apotheotelos flash shining green forever anger carry son moon selfish written supposed feed ya quite loop hooked pure feet hole paper flag sick voice burning attention fly utter wicked tremble endless form infinity talking piece shores verse chest rules food placed plan hallelujah called gun fading drinking emotional measure inspiration suffering belong west read sly instead bear erase furious shame conclusion drunk roll fucking depressed calls taught died defined tire everyday answers sacred acknowledge speaks perfection games ground spoke stood motion sway keeping pretend hell movement magic park key spin kick sake jump hanging animal begins orange streetlights fade crazy honest warp puppet chained survive apathy chains claim prey science diamonds begging grip tale hang powerful wonderland heal dealing plant twice painful daylight mastery desires recall school conviction miracle yearn empyreal weekend actual court value chalk hurts humankind rabbit eggs potential offers temporary pupil atlas nostalgia serenity happens yearning ponder hypothesis worthy witnessed ideas azure tools alpha curiosity consume singularity typhoon revelation stimulant liberate application projection criminals communication throes fraternity enables actuality starshine ethos apotheosis sardonicism aren't mind's teleology empatheon entheos hear mydriatic transcendention fight tear ash minutes wanna taking nights forgot tales lest desire lust darkest single shine slow allow destruction money comes anxiety contemplate nostalgic offer continue happen ink brings brave created holding create thunder produce talk sail philosopher creating distant illuminating drive dancing ease wishing higher pass excuse figure essence angel hopes child ahead sigh using door vast loves awaits strong tornado ok sorrow immortal ghosts certain remains stained insane reached lot discovered plain poison streets killing ending tried session vs poor woke stare watching grass slick emptiness falling box painter series children virtues awareness clean rolling reach advice heavens rend half cherish bay started relax focus laughed ashamed fiend melody drop exhale void occurs beneath win chose robes thrall shield ended sons normal sunrise road forged onward burden actions unlike colors curious street observe chosen silence shades returns technology race vengeance swept bag civilization strive reconcile trouble cloud described replaced substances whilst finding euphoria dear chemistry events deal message eternal masses beliefs vision apparent honestly dr seeing idea domain soar books frames rule law pleasures eat dread bare blaze raise compassion kindness wandered objects expressed sin declare mistake smoking drum heavenly honor lands fountain renew happening aspect gotten issues divinity teach matters pills goal follows significant job romantic gazed envelope elements identity group sell foolish lucid dimensions brothers owe education november difficult recognition express properties glitter considering illusion appreciate discover resonance derived transcendental buzz notion risk scares riot rainy teaching drizzle direct experiences elation normality quote evolution versus lamplight method reflective endeavour cloth eats teenagers eventually haul club result relative breed threat subjective concerning solstice interpretations allows rational ultimately basis aligned numbness hypocrite charade morality dope chaser continuum undead exploits aeons research freeman appropriate ion junkie teachings dilation binge beatific intuitive transcendent escapism psychedelia metaphysical beta untitled mescaline otherworldly dreampt contextual experiential symbiosis codex dissociation cybernetic weren't life's let's mirror's well-being any-more entheogenic junkiedom signifiers mescalito zero-summing won't 'pataphysics window million pair logic alright whisper stone walls notice fun picture lips whispering dying wanting hands pull remained pieces poems built push house choices united turns blessed lucky drifted sane demons demon external slowly worst angels town needs needed drifting watched abyss crimson liquid arch planes add souls questions leads flicker thousand swallow note strings player despair offering realms drift caressing enter gentle closed bodies letter beat gorgeous indescribable smiling laughing probably pick grown shade precious shooting background yesterday woman ocean sober lead clothed ghost flows turned conscience alphabet contain spun luck atmosphere vagabond completely surprise rock creed drawn book autumn rays spinning bottle early regrets lake kids sad acceptance stuck melancholy formed slip draw clearly scars collapse del sit satisfied jungle realized bunch favourite laid fit breaks notes plans anyways spoken produced echoes den trees steps ugly cover explained glance stole gazing current raised travel scratch haunts played women apathetic conquest naught goodbye midnight asking passed waste loss fallen rapture absolute positive walked mistakes lately bound patience nurture fog stranger men wants prevent forfeit asks arose easy quick sing allowed prove pitch mad closest deeply tides praying root poets sentence pulse nightmare deem coffee commit golden insert mock innocent whispers offend low tea strength captured attack stories baseline joint innocence neural chemicals plains blanket dripping reflect blink concepts psychosis plucked tidal radiance roar bathed wonders thrown moves suffer unspoken exists glad shroud plunge scorn bane asunder enslaved harvest possibly fail allure drank danger unsaid veil gravity assume sum receive bloom reveal odd whispered likes news fractured wisely gathered seraphim intention wrought plane weeks mere haunting aspects ha distance hungry eternally swaying eden foretold breach advance pains balance design event forgive significance confidence error alter paying unreality cost chronology thoroughly resembles vivid steal poetic illegal understands maelstrom temples amidst perpetual lesson pathos behold reborn produces scale heaviness ascend talked weed forsake valuable andor relinquish dismiss usually kid nervous sort fierce disguise demands abandon encourage avoid minor relentless identify loneliness web alchemy cosmic rhyme coil suffered basking dropped standard spark mates hearth swore steam myth native wonderfully occasionally solace ventures determination galaxy opportunity justify political prophecy steadfast healthy forsaken chapter facebook worried ex struggle shatter gentleman including convinced profit comfortable twine deity responsible adrift sage fortune immortality theft damage examine deliverance ultimate immersion response access test physics magnitude occur member relation acts theme signal shivers mire coin planet anybody vicious nirvana pendent applause glimmering benediction consuming glint refrain renewal myths manifest nocturnal reflections limitations teenager naturally material matrix columbine giveth inseparable singular proving lifestyle coherence humane ideals starlight sincerely prudence underworld infamous perspective presented pretends excitation viewed regard enhanced zen reverence arcadia theory realization typing construct statement subjugated exploration vote hazy reaper scum streetlight artificial trespass definitive device exceed complex finality surreal petrol proposition inspiring totality originally recurring narcotic cometh juxtaposition reckoning represent inability proclamation syntax continuity nevermind avoidance irrelevant veracious arcadian commence rumination aesthetics ubiquitous nonetheless variable exploit experiencing underlying villain cola rictus ketamine corporeal electronic graciously input cannabis manifestation comprised socially proportionate insofar ethical hedonism junkies vicissitudes cognitive determining psychiatrist palindrome lucidity remix reduction dissociative reclamation detract aer enhancement intoxicants qualia world's shouldn't wouldn't other's nothing's man's summer's today's who'd everybody's y'all 'the all's t'was ethereality thought's drug's noumenon skystruck shroom alexithymia transhuman you- -the in-between self-sufficiency -one zed's 15 11 liminality immanence adrenergic symbionts sublimeoblivious medina's buckfast psychonautes determinative serotonergic psychedelos skyglow cyclica 5-ht2a noumena pharmahuasca jeans role proper loud aching grows concrete cruel strains conversation ill paint wet couple calling mouth kiss senses case keeper torn pause middle setting whats pulling bone reminds likely remind wrath karma reading sunlight prone bitch phrase enemy familiar levels careful source adolescent small straight driving courage rush flaw suppose starting deny stayed weary worship trust turbulent troubled letting absence leaving wearing college proclaim spirits gather ear lady hey garden boys winning alcohol pay foolishly banish song cross encounters plays belonging famous shift burst alice tunes hood flickers glimpse gleam fleeting grant ride deja vu anticipation spot switch boyfriend order faded wrapped definitely short fish beach clock older dusted block station anchor longest deserve passing mark awhile lovers muse ache island totally existing comfort pride phone greek apollo bleeding unknown psychic powder remembrance tree train helps painted gambling tide tired acting blow build apologies silver fabric especially suspense band cascade flawless heat hunger nearly numb bread bright minus wide looks differently dive beating veins settle turning couch holds saying impression suspension meaningless plastic rich pointless occupied brief tiger sticks stones mask cake bitter concentrate drown forbidden shell dry walks unless regardless moved type shirt lone burns songs negative momentary staying police swing unseen ability analysis worries determined dreamt sink hopelessly chances abuse palm week existed ignorant blind dice sheep agree joke spy spill odds immeasurable ass pushing wanderlust softly midst presents blade guided ripped round ball lovely rhythms beats cars glaze wash fates evening vein gloss juvenile sides faces graces month circular rung wheel rises permeates father supreme portal liked rip fades october sitting grin showing surrounded explored opened confused wall quietly deftly scene sighs lingering radio altered evaporated suns dreamed vibration important appetite exactly devil inhabiting brains ordinary beckons constant local organic soothing linger meditation moonlight lads height ethereal simplicity kinda cigarette suggest violence blew bombs arise trips predict surface guy movements grey car stepped large bank forward landed lied ancient purely crash direction inspired release warned melodic rhythmic telling mysticism blues riddle blur floating drama neck lover nerve poisonous glare factory wage character suburbia escaped gates suspended followed pierced hall marks ruled influence functioning contained losing stopping effect electronica relate fed temper facts dependent malleable convey bent delve horror wolves won lacking certainly fooled temple oblivious watches extension molecular random subtlety rem price sear covers truths judging stage frost conditions victory millennium realised confront trickster eve daughter defines awoke terror remembere
After a while, you'll get used to being a shipwreck but there will be days that you'd feel that sinking feeling all over again.
http://www.lover-fashion.com/Co., Ltd. is a leading international manufacturer and marketer of Sexy Costumes and Sexy Lingerie, With top sewing facilities, using unique fabrications, laces and trims from over 350 resources, employing the experienced workers. with an international network of Distributors, Lover-fashion sales in more than 130 countries, have over 5,000 leading retailers. We sincerely look forward to the opportunity of cooperating with you based on the mutual benefit. This Costumes and lingerie wholesale website is fit for medium - and small wholesale business, buying from us as secure and simple as possible, You can place order from this website directly.
OEM are Welecomed
We supply all types of Sexy Lingerie Wholesale, such as : Baby doll &amp; Chemise, Bra Lingerie &amp; Bikini sets, Corsets and Bustiers, Gown &amp; Long Dress, Leg Wear &amp; Body stockings , Panties and G-string, Men's Lingerie, Vinyl &amp; Leather Lingerie, Teddies Lingerie, Plus Size lingerie, Sexy Club wear and so on.and our major Sexy Costumes Wholesale include: Bride, Bunny &amp; Cats, Ladybug &amp; Bees, Cops &amp; Robbers, Country Girl &amp; Cowgirl, Fairies &amp; Angels, Fairy Tales, French Maid, Heroes, International, Military, Nurse, Pirate, Sailors &amp; Sea, School Girl, Sports, Uniforms &amp; others, Accessories and so on. we also supply Christmas Lingerie, Halloween Costumes, Valentine Lingerie, Party Wigs, Masks, Nipple Covers and so on at very cheap price.
I inherited an old run down shotgunshack
In a South Florida town
From an Uncle I had no idea I had
He never came around
It was the shed out back that held my interest
Filled with memories, dust, and spider webs
Was I just being adventurous
Or was I being led
Opposite the door in the corner stood a ceder chest
Covered over in a layer of dust
The latch and lock lay on the dirt floor
Long ago succumbed to rust
The inside was filled with pirate writings
Which you know is a poets dream
No maps of hidden treasures
But hidden treasures all the same
I took to those pirate writings
Like an angry moth takes to flame
Drawn in close like his life depends
On the wave of heat it brings
Page after page of high sea adventures
And far off exotic lands
I spent that afternoon well into the night dreaming
With pirate treasure held in my hands
I don't know how long it was I'd been asleep
When I woke up to a dust filtered light
Shining through a broken windowpane
In the shed where I'd spent the night
But I really spent it on the high open seas
And in far off exotic lands
Where when it gets back around to evening time
With pirate writings I plan to go again
We met at the junction of your misery,
both high-strung and molars grinding like toothache.
Maybe it was my fault
Or maybe it was your folly,
But neither you nor I were aware
that this was a swath that brought us to our disrepair.
I should've known better,
I should've handed you my resignation.
Even heaven knows you've always had a palisade mouth;
sharp edges with misspent words,
teeth kisses with minor incision.
But we were shipwrecks coalesced by force,
fate's own masterwork where devils meddled their crooked hands in the pot.
Like a time bomb awaiting to explode,
we were in for our imminent destruction.
But I had nowhere else to go.
Dirty feet, happy heart,
Rolling on the grass, kissing under the stars,
Your hands on my body make me feel like this is what living is supposed to be,
I've waited all my life to be touched the way you touch me,
To be held,
To be cared for,
To be told I'm beautiful,
I've waited all my life to have someone who sees me as a person, as an individual with thoughts and knowledge rather than just a body,
I've waited all my life to be seen.
What I miss most
about you
is those
hidden powder keg stand
salmon net blood stained
scaffold pirate rigging
crumpled roof
dense smoke cloud cabin
dangerous flirtatious biker bar taunting
staggering pool playing
yellow and black liquid haze
full on sensory assault
adventures
we both knew
would never last
I recall the rustic leaves,
and the sound they made when crushed
under skateboard wheels,
as they settled around the half-pipe
and the worn rails of Peter Pan Park.
Youngsters,
with their colorful helmets and their
better-safe-than-sorry knee pads,
kicked and pushed their way across the pavement
and pumped their fists in the air
as their boards reached the other side.
In this Neverland, the kids wanted adventure first -
the tea could wait at home for a little longer.
But, as dusk settles,
the pirates emerge upon the asphalt shores
in fleets of tinted windows and loud exhausts.
These pirates, still adolescent in their own age,
bicker and fight until a hook pierces skin,
blood spills upon the crisp leaves,
and a boy - with naiveness still glistening in his eyes -
becomes another boy who would not grow up
in the Never Never of Peter Pan Park.
.your jealous words
will make a fool of you.
unstable.
creating that bubble of security.
talked into it.
talked out of it
concussed and confused.
the truth lies south.
the world changes and anger ensues those whom have lost themselves.
in losing what i thought was a drop of serenity, humanity, singularity,
i found what i had been missing.
i found the most profound feeling in my mind again,
reazlizing what i was supposed to be filling my life with.
it was the most beautiful of temporary spells.
descrete in meaning,
overwhelming in form.
i reached that treasure in my heart that i had lost to the pirates of time so many moments ago.
reached out my palms and let the time flow through my fingertips.
the unatainable love for life had been captured and caged.
my reality is full and quenched.
so rare,
i describe to you.
silken petals drawing in all the waves of the world,
the things ive lost create the realization of what i really have inside my cup.
im jolting through the golden fields,
swimming gracefully through the torrents of the sea.
calm.
breathing seems to calm the harshest seconds passing through.
emotions sturred, whipped, beat like the yolk of desert.
in the end it rises.
the last ingredient in realization for the now.
this is the most beautiful day the world has ever presented my entity with,
and tomorrow, well the morrow shall wait up for me and give the next gift for mine eyes.
exitement inhales.
my words spill as the paint on your canvas.
i am my reality.
possibility.
the only shame i feel: muslims hold a single book to be synonymous of a library.<em>
apologies, this is why i wasn't fully integrated,
i hold enough respect for the English ethnicity to keep
the reins on my Slavic origin, and its ancient history,
i want to see the Graeae cauldron
of multiple-ethnicity and culturalism:
what with former slaves learning
rap to topple the slavish shackles?
no one ever heard my story under
the Germans, Russians and Austro-Hungarians,
all those to topple Israel already toppled me
to migrate and leave my mother whoring
toward an an export: until the black gold runs
out you sand-nigger... until the oil runs out...
until the oil runs out...
you're the one abusing it because you have it...
until the oil runs out sand-nigger...
you gonna take the slang out of me?
what is it now? global or feminist tactic?
Chine ain't about to give Dagenham back,
like they're not giving Ostrowiec w.:
first division in 1997.. extra-class...
yummie piggies at the trough:
money was created to pacify and let
rich boy girls' spend...
Lww / Lvov was still in poker hands
of Roosevelt... so much for hardcore H'america...
biker-clan-glandular-rhaps (or plural of odes):
fuck! i hate belonging to come or some thing...
i always thought about comedy prone enlarged breasts
for the geography between left nipple antarctic and
right nipple arctic in tune with the jiggly fatty-bergs..
no... factual-bergs...
but you'd never disintegrate into a 0a.d.
given the colonial history narrative that doesn't
involve the old testament and ass-kissers and
hefty conservative ass-pleasers like the book
of Antioch proposed... made that up...
got mixed up thinking on the necromancer of
the year that was actually 1997-8
17th *KSZO Ostrowiec witokrzyski</em>, tablature
pld. pts.w. d. l.f.a.
34    24  6    6  22 24   47...
piggie piggie: got the giddy giggly titty wank-a-doodle-do...
and i know i would too...
small town Polish town, a big Russian
would-be clever-pincer attracted to nipple-pinching,
and all the milky drools, down the Nile toward
Cairo, so long as you wife is an Oasis of hamburgers and
strobe-berry epileptics, i.e.: blink 182's what's my age again?
i speak the fucking sprechen and i don't even belong
here... it's like i'm apologising for something that
was coming... thankfully i'm resolved to integrate cognitively
but in the domestic realm have nothing to do with
this language...
i don't want to speak it to my mother,
i don't want to speak it to my father,
i can't afford to rent a house and prolong a university
bachelor lifestyle, the arabs and nigerians bought
all the flats out and are renting them out...
hopefully to Somalian pirates for: essex tan orange
sake in terms of: if i figured my tongue was an
axe in the first place... i'd lace my life with
many more people applauding...
i never understood this desire to integrate without
having the right to censor what i'm about to
embrace... a contract, much of smallprint readied
on the fidgety hand...
it's not that i suddenly chose to
ethnically suspend my origins for a need to respect,
i kept my mother tongue for times such as these,
when i can't be approached as white and as inheritor
of colonialism... if i say i'm German they'll fucking
clap, i remember once they asked me as if i were
going to do an app. for the caliphate asking me:
you German? no... Polish... huh? what's that?
somewhere in between Germany and Russia...
now i can't claim the ethnicity that my's right hand
of use with tongue... and now i can't claim the
tongue that isn't the ethnicity but is otherwise my
limb-for-limb... 5p.m. tea 100 years later is
a hijab on the streets of Birmingham...
no secret... i just see why i need to be involved like
some James Dean "wannabe" schizoid spice...
there will be no news from Poland concerning
the migrant crisis, no talk of a Muslim takeover...
ironically, as Monty Python would have said:
everyone was expecting a Polish Inquisition,
or as the crowds chanted: Evangelism! not the Quran!
happily are those: seeing America involve
itself in this slogan... me? as ever, the Pontius Pilate:
i said it once, i'll say it again:
panic is worse than fascism...
panic is worse than fascism...
you don't expect panic, hence the beasts' stampede
in urban areas... fascism? you know it's
coming, and you know it's not good...
fascism is panic realised too late,
fascism is panic organised... you knew it was coming
and you did nothing to prevent it...
the only thing that could have prevented Trump
winning the presidency was acknowledging an unequivocal
membership of the union... Cracow wasn't built in
one day... trigger fucking happy panic button: press!
press! oppress! that special relationship of yours?
yeah... ye'ha! rear 'em in with that quiff of yours, cowboy!
ye'ha!
please don't get me involved, i know how to
impale a turk on a rotten wooden stump, rather than
crucify a Syrian on a geometric of mahogany
amid sacred words: so descended onto a mosque's minaret
and the hippy-hair-debate, and no hair and the hajj.
i know, people are apprehensive you're not a businessman
employing 100 slave Mongolians enlisted to blowing
up 1000 helium filled balloons an hour for birthday
party contracts... and none of them are properly trained
in ventriloquist's chipmunk!
james dean was the original schizophrenic...
who treated society as an asylum,
and the asylum as a garden of Eden...
lucky him: mono-linguistic...
i sometimes wish i had that luxury on inherent
cleansing of ethnicity, so i could be left with only
a culinary boasting akin to the Persian quote on
falafel... but then you never know who's side you're
gonna be on...
i might as well quote him akin to j. franco post-doppelganger:
you're tearing me apart!
and they say people <em>think</em>...
nonetheless: whether thinking or not,
they are... a welcome aversion in finding pleasure in
zoos; esp. the times when they're sweating like sardines
stashed in vulvas on underground trains: ventriloquists'
suggestion? moans: foetal moans... get me out of here...
otherwise groaned? harder... mm... deeper...
make your pelvis kiss my pelvis! mmm... baby!
first your read the Marquis to get a hard-on,
then you wank-off that hard-on...
and then you do a hand-job to someone else
and pass on the Oxfam motto to some other "hungry" Afrikaan.
IN SEARCH OF THE PRESENT
I begin with two words that all men have uttered since the dawn of humanity: thank you. The word gratitude has equivalents in every language and in each tongue the range of meanings is abundant. In the Romance languages this breadth spans the spiritual and the physical, from the divine grace conceded to men to save them from error and death, to the bodily grace of the dancing girl or the feline leaping through the undergrowth. Grace means pardon, forgiveness, favour, benefice, inspiration; it is a form of address, a pleasing style of speaking or painting, a gesture expressing politeness, and, in short, an act that reveals spiritual goodness. Grace is gratuitous; it is a gift. The person who receives it, the favoured one, is grateful for it; if he is not base, he expresses gratitude. That is what I am doing at this very moment with these weightless words. I hope my emotion compensates their weightlessness. If each of my words were a drop of water, you would see through them and glimpse what I feel: gratitude, acknowledgement. And also an indefinable mixture of fear, respect and surprise at finding myself here before you, in this place which is the home of both Swedish learning and world literature.
Languages are vast realities that transcend those political and historical entities we call nations. The European languages we speak in the Americas illustrate this. The special position of our literatures when compared to those of England, Spain, Portugal and France depends precisely on this fundamental fact: they are literatures written in transplanted tongues. Languages are born and grow from the native soil, nourished by a common history. The European languages were rooted out from their native soil and their own tradition, and then planted in an unknown and unnamed world: they took root in the new lands and, as they grew within the societies of America, they were transformed. They are the same plant yet also a different plant. Our literatures did not passively accept the changing fortunes of the transplanted languages: they participated in the process and even accelerated it. They very soon ceased to be mere transatlantic reflections: at times they have been the negation of the literatures of Europe; more often, they have been a reply.
In spite of these oscillations the link has never been broken. My classics are those of my language and I consider myself to be a descendant of Lope and Quevedo, as any Spanish writer would ... yet I am not a Spaniard. I think that most writers of Spanish America, as well as those from the United States, Brazil and Canada, would say the same as regards the English, Portuguese and French traditions. To understand more clearly the special position of writers in the Americas, we should think of the dialogue maintained by Japanese, Chinese or Arabic writers with the different literatures of Europe. It is a dialogue that cuts across multiple languages and civilizations. Our dialogue, on the other hand, takes place within the same language. We are Europeans yet we are not Europeans. What are we then? It is difficult to define what we are, but our works speak for us.
In the field of literature, the great novelty of the present century has been the appearance of the American literatures. The first to appear was that of the English-speaking part and then, in the second half of the 20th Century, that of Latin America in its two great branches: Spanish America and Brazil. Although they are very different, these three literatures have one common feature: the conflict, which is more ideological than literary, between the cosmopolitan and nativist tendencies, between Europeanism and Americanism. What is the legacy of this dispute? The polemics have disappeared; what remain are the works. Apart from this general resemblance, the differences between the three literatures are multiple and profound. One of them belongs more to history than to literature: the development of Anglo-American literature coincides with the rise of the United States as a world power whereas the rise of our literature coincides with the political and social misfortunes and upheavals of our nations. This proves once more the limitations of social and historical determinism: the decline of empires and social disturbances sometimes coincide with moments of artistic and literary splendour. Li-Po and Tu Fu witnessed the fall of the Tang dynasty; Velzquez painted for Felipe IV; Seneca and Lucan were contemporaries and also victims of Nero. Other differences are of a literary nature and apply more to particular works than to the character of each literature. But can we say that literatures have a character? Do they possess a set of shared features that distinguish them from other literatures? I doubt it. A literature is not defined by some fanciful, intangible character; it is a society of unique works united by relations of opposition and affinity.
The first basic difference between Latin-American and Anglo-American literature lies in the diversity of their origins. Both begin as projections of Europe. The projection of an island in the case of North America; that of a peninsula in our case. Two regions that are geographically, historically and culturally eccentric. The origins of North America are in England and the Reformation; ours are in Spain, Portugal and the Counter-Reformation. For the case of Spanish America I should briefly mention what distinguishes Spain from other European countries, giving it a particularly original historical identity. Spain is no less eccentric than England but its eccentricity is of a different kind. The eccentricity of the English is insular and is characterized by isolation: an eccentricity that excludes. Hispanic eccentricity is peninsular and consists of the coexistence of different civilizations and different pasts: an inclusive eccentricity. In what would later be Catholic Spain, the Visigoths professed the heresy of Arianism, and we could also speak about the centuries of domination by Arabic civilization, the influence of Jewish thought, the Reconquest, and other characteristic features.
Hispanic eccentricity is reproduced and multiplied in America, especially in those countries such as Mexico and Peru, where ancient and splendid civilizations had existed. In Mexico, the Spaniards encountered history as well as geography. That history is still alive: it is a present rather than a past. The temples and gods of pre-Columbian Mexico are a pile of ruins, but the spirit that breathed life into that world has not disappeared; it speaks to us in the hermetic language of myth, legend, forms of social coexistence, popular art, customs. Being a Mexican writer means listening to the voice of that present, that presence. Listening to it, speaking with it, deciphering it: expressing it ... After this brief digression we may be able to perceive the peculiar relation that simultaneously binds us to and separates us from the European tradition.
This consciousness of being separate is a constant feature of our spiritual history. Separation is sometimes experienced as a wound that marks an internal division, an anguished awareness that invites self-examination; at other times it appears as a challenge, a spur that incites us to action, to go forth and encounter others and the outside world. It is true that the feeling of separation is universal and not peculiar to Spanish Americans. It is born at the very moment of our birth: as we are wrenched from the Whole we fall into an alien land. This experience becomes a wound that never heals. It is the unfathomable depth of every man; all our ventures and exploits, all our acts and dreams, are bridges designed to overcome the separation and reunite us with the world and our fellow-beings. Each man's life and the collective history of mankind can thus be seen as attempts to reconstruct the original situation. An unfinished and endless cure for our divided condition. But it is not my intention to provide yet another description of this feeling. I am simply stressing the fact that for us this existential condition expresses itself in historical terms. It thus becomes an awareness of our history. How and when does this feeling appear and how is it transformed into consciousness? The reply to this double-edged question can be given in the form of a theory or a personal testimony. I prefer the latter: there are many theories and none is entirely convincing.
The feeling of separation is bound up with the oldest and vaguest of my memories: the first cry, the first scare. Like every child I built emotional bridges in the imagination to link me to the world and to other people. I lived in a town on the outskirts of Mexico City, in an old dilapidated house that had a jungle-like garden and a great room full of books. First games and first lessons. The garden soon became the centre of my world; the library, an enchanted cave. I used to read and play with my cousins and schoolmates. There was a fig tree, temple of vegetation, four pine trees, three ash trees, a nightshade, a pomegranate tree, wild grass and prickly plants that produced purple grazes. Adobe walls. Time was elastic; space was a spinning wheel. All time, past or future, real or imaginary, was pure presence. Space transformed itself ceaselessly. The beyond was here, all was here: a valley, a mountain, a distant country, the neighbours' patio. Books with pictures, especially history books, eagerly leafed through, supplied images of deserts and jungles, palaces and hovels, warriors and princesses, beggars and kings. We were shipwrecked with Sinbad and with Robinson, we fought with d'Artagnan, we took Valencia with the Cid. How I would have liked to stay forever on the Isle of Calypso! In summer the green branches of the fig tree would sway like the sails of a caravel or a pirate ship. High up on the mast, swept by the wind, I could make out islands and continents, lands that vanished as soon as they became tangible. The world was limitless yet it was always within reach; time was a pliable substance that weaved an unbroken present.
When was the spell broken? Gradually rather than suddenly. It is hard to accept being betrayed by a friend, deceived by the woman we love, or that the idea of freedom is the mask of a tyrant. What we call "finding out" is a slow and tricky process because we ourselves are the accomplices of our errors and deceptions. Nevertheless, I can remember fairly clearly an incident that was the first sign, although it was quickly forgotten. I must have been about six when one of my cousins who was a little older showed me a North American magazine with a photograph of soldiers marching along a huge avenue, probably in New York. "They've returned from the war" she said. This handful of words disturbed me, as if they foreshadowed the end of the world or the Second Coming of Christ. I vaguely knew that somewhere far away a war had ended a few years earlier and that the soldiers were marching to celebrate their victory. For me, that war had taken place in another time, not here and now. The photo refuted me. I felt literally dislodged from the present.
From that moment time began to fracture more and more. And there was a plurality of spaces. The experience repeated itself more and more frequently. Any piece of news, a harmless phrase, the headline in a newspaper: everything proved the outside world's existence and my own unreality. I felt that the world was splitting and that I did not inhabit the present. My present was disintegrating: real time was somewhere else. My time, the time of the garden, the fig tree, the games with friends, the drowsiness among the plants at three in the afternoon under the sun, a fig torn open (black and red like a live coal but one that is sweet and fresh): this was a fictitious time. In spite of what my senses told me, the time from over there, belonging to the others, was the real one, the time of the real present. I accepted the inevitable: I became an adult. That was how my expulsion from the present began.
It may seem paradoxical to say that we have been expelled from the present, but it is a feeling we have all had at some moment. Some of us experienced it first as a condemnation, later transformed into consciousness and action. The search for the present is neither the pursuit of an earthly paradise nor that of a timeless eternity: it is the search for a real reality. For us, as Spanish Americans, the real present was not in our own countries: it was the time lived by others, by the English, the French and the Germans. It was the time of New York, Paris, London. We had to go and look for it and bring it back home. These years were also the years of my discovery of literature. I began writing poems. I did not know what made me write them: I was moved by an inner need that is difficult to define. Only now have I understood that there was a secret relationship between what I have called my expulsion from the present and the writing of poetry. Poetry is in love with the instant and seeks to relive it in the poem, thus separating it from sequential time and turning it into a fixed present. But at that time I wrote without wondering why I was doing it. I was searching for the gateway to the present: I wanted to belong to my time and to my century. A little later this obsession became a fixed idea: I wanted to be a modern poet. My search for modernity had begun.
What is modernity? First of all it is an ambiguous term: there are as many types of modernity as there are societies. Each has its own. The word's meaning is uncertain and arbitrary, like the name of the period that precedes it, the Middle Ages. If we are modern when compared to medieval times, are we perhaps the Middle Ages of a future modernity? Is a name that changes with time a real name? Modernity is a word in search of its meaning. Is it an idea, a mirage or a moment of history? Are we the children of modernity or its creators? Nobody knows for sure. It doesn't matter much: we follow it, we pursue it. For me at that time modernity was fused with the present or rather produced it: the present was its last supreme flower. My case is neither unique nor exceptional: from the Symbolist period, all modern poets have chased after that magnetic and elusive figure that fascinates them. Baudelaire was the first. He was also the first to touch her and discover that she is nothing but time that crumbles in one's hands. I am not going to relate my adventures in pursuit of modernity: they are not very different from those of other 20th-Century poets. Modernity has been a universal passion. Since 1850 she has been our goddess and our demoness. In recent years, there has been an attempt to exorcise her and there has been much talk of "postmodernism". But what is postmodernism if not an even more modern modernity?
For us, as Latin Americans, the search for poetic modernity runs historically parallel to the repeated attempts to modernize our countries. This tendency begins at the end of the 18th Century and includes Spain herself. The United States was born into modernity and by 1830 was already, as de Tocqueville observed, the womb of the future; we were born at a moment when Spain and Portugal were moving away from modernity. This is why there was frequent talk of "Europeanizing" our countries: the modern was outside and had to be imported. In Mexican history this process begins just before the War of Independence. Later it became a great ideological and political debate that passionately divided Mexican society during the 19th Century. One event was to call into question not the legitimacy of the reform movement but the way in which it had been implemented: the Mexican Revolution. Unlike its 20th-Century counterparts, the Mexican Revolution was not really the expression of a vaguely utopian ideology but rather the explosion of a reality that had been historically and psychologically repressed. It was not the work of a group of ideologists intent on introducing principles derived from a political theory; it was a popular uprising that unmasked what was hidden. For this very reason it was more of a revelation than a revolution. Mexico was searching for the present outside only to find it within, buried but alive. The search for modernity led
The orange and blue flames of candlelight memories from birthdays come and gone illuminate brown stains from spilt ink and paper cuts on your family's hardwood desk.
The soft mahogany that carried the weight of library books with cracked bindings, that weathered broken glass, finger scratches and runny noses.
The writing table that saw crayons and watercolors fade into pen and ink and now your old pencil with the grooves worn down right where you're used to so you can hold it without cramps as you scrawl through notebook after notebook and bite your tongue.
You can't let the heat of words burn inside your throat as you sew your mouth shut with the red thread your mom used to patch your overalls with in fifth grade.
The sagging brown and blue jeans with baby yellow fabric covering that rip in the knee where the neighborhood boys pulled your ponytails and knocked you down.
When you felt your palms scrape against the concrete and you were finally enlightened to the fact that they don't tease because they like you, but because they like to see you in pain.
Never forget that morning when that pain finally pissed you off enough that when you rode your purple girls bike up to the rack before saying bye to your daddy you purposefully ran your back tire over a puddle to splash the group's new ninja turtle shoes.
The sneakers your neighbor had and you were jealous of because you wear a dress and he wouldn't let you borrow because they weren't gonna match, no matter if you were trying to climb the fence in his backyard and your bare feet got scraped in the end.
The stinging of the metal matches the stinging in your palms from being tripped and the stinging in your fingertips from the days of paper cuts from making collages on that old wood desk and you write.
You write loud enough that the scratching of your graphite on paper echoes around the room and you drown out slamming doors and harsh conversations.
Your fingers are as quick as the automatic whisk that you always turned up to high when your mommy would turn around, just so you could watch the cookie batter get just too close to the edge of the bowl before shutting it off in the nick of time.
In a split second moment your lead breaks and you stare blankly at the scribbled mangled words that travel in circles around your book.
And the embarrassment and anger and understanding that this world's filled with assholes wells up behind your blank eyes and bubbles in between your teeth, seeping through the red thread.
It dribbles down your chin and creates a pool atop of the grey words the clear saliva of sadness eats away at the paper and wood like acid.
Imagine what it was doing to your stomach, but don't think too much about it, just pick up the safety scissors and ignore the ocean inside.
Those scissors aren't just for paper snowflakes anymore, they're not plastic in pretty colors, no now they're heavy and metal and cold in your hands.
They're built for adults, for greying and melting faces, for the weight of a world that ignores beautiful broken bottles on the sidewalk and walks by a cute cat,
Or says It's Just A Girl Thing.
Or Boys Will Be Boys.
And they make you wish you were back blowing bubbles in your treehouse as you sneak a juice box and pretending you're thecaptain of a pirate ship.
Instead of sitting at this desk with a broken pencil and dripping face.
A day long been forgotten
was the day our paths had crossed.
Back then, I was made of brittle bones
and smoke-filled lungs
a parasitic host.
And you were a scratched mixtape,
glitched beyond repair
a spectre of menace.
We became a tragic misadventure -
a meteor crash,
a numbing hailstorm,
a catastrophic shipwreck.
Safe, it was no longer.
I felt the ground crumble when
you left.
Our story had no rhythmic patterns
or ballad structures,
just a simply-written prose.
If only we had met today,
I, a blossoming daffodil in spring
and you, a picturesque landscape
But fate vehemently opposed.
Who else to blame for our loves brevity
But time, the relentless enemy.
We are progressing upstream, no sighting yet.
Their gods are letting us pass unmolested.
Even the sun beckons us up these blue waters,
but the cliffs are closing in, scarved with the icy
torrents of waterfalls spilling their glacial flux.
In the distance is a great broad path, paved
in crazy glazing, glinting in the sun.
There's no escaping this snare's enchantment.
Surely, they don't take us for their pirate
longboat returning to digorge its stolen treasures.
Somewhere Thor's hammer is at work. We pray
we will be spared his unforgiving anvil,
for we come only with our tourist tribute.
remember when we used to play?
we'd be pirates or spies
and waste the whole day
now the only thing we ever play
is happy happy families
it's the only way.
Once I soared on an angel with steel wings,
through a piercing blue sky
over the dark belly of a Gulf,
to a land unknown to me.
Stepping out of the airlock turned my clothes into hot laundry
as the warm culture washed over me and my family.
Me in my ten year old body had never left the states,
it was my turn to be the minority.
Akumal,
a small but sprightly tourist town,
filled with little shops and nooks 'n crannies to explore.
My family and I would stay at a private resort for ten days
that rested upon white sands and crystal waves that constantly
licked and salted the air along with the fishermens boats.
Crashing splashing crashing,
always the sound of the blue waves crashing.
The birds sing their foreign songs.
Day,
sweltering and bright,
the wee little town of Akumal stirred with life.
Pesos clicking in pockets of fruit buyers,
the treble of am radio words fly through the air.
Clouds of dirt from the road follow run-down trucks and cars,
kids kick around a melon in the street.
Never had to know Spanish to know what happiness sounded like.
At the resort was a more calming scene.
The wind gust across the warm sand, occasionally knocking down a coconut into the squishy sand.
They always tasted like salt water, but my sister and I kept cracking them open, like there might be a pearl inside one of them.
The outside resort had a bar next to the beach, serving the little ones
Pina Coladas and Banana Smoothies. The bartender was an ecstatic man, always with a wide grin of joy, and a loud machine gun laugh.
Night,
the sun would go to sleep, but the ground below was awake
in the shine of the moon, they would come in hundreds.
Hermit crabs would skitter across wooden floors&shy;and blocked out the sand on the beach.
The people of the resort would gather in a beach-side restaurant called "La Buena Vida" or "Living the Good Life".
With its rope swings and crows nests, Id linger in this pirate ship,
bringing my food up in a bucket and laugh down at the others.
Even the condos we stayed in were not familiar.
They felt like native Mexican homes, with the pastel color walls and creative tiled floor.
Falling in and out of sleep there was the ever present crashing splashing smashing of the waves,
and the lullabies of the night birds.
The sun would stretch its way out of the ocean in vibrant hues
and the hermits scurried back to their holes.
Dylan Whisman.
The jagged rocks wait on the pier side
As the mast of my ship looms over
Casting dismal shadows on the
Waterfront. The siren calls me
To shipwreck.
True, I am a wreck,
Blood-soaked burgundy robes,
My claim to the royal throne
Of fame and fortune,
A car crash of
glowing metals &amp; effervescent fumes
Or shipwreck where
rotting wood conceals treasured gold.
My art speaks because that little voice does,
Compelling me to risk a
Crash &amp; burn
If I'm lucky,
and if we're not.
I have no choice but
Total breakdown
To build an empire from the shrapnel,
For energy is neither created
Not destroyed
But transferred
From our love to my expression.
True love is as fluid
As the metal magma
resolidifying
on the side of Highway 10
Or the swelling ocean
that holds her majesty
in a watery grave.
I'm sorry for your loss, but
I take solace in destruction;
it provides the raw materials
to forge my vision.
No more magic wands
Or spell bound words
No more ghostly haunts
Or reptilian birds
No more monsters in the dark
Not in the pond nor lake
No more pirates in the park
Not at the bar nor plank
I hid them in my heart
To harden in the flame
Dearly they departed
To indentured fame
Maybe I will try my hardest
And make a change
Maybe I'll be dishonest
And do the same
Be a monster in the closet
And win the game
i dreamed i was a pirate on the seven seassailing on my galleon sails blowing in the breezewith the jolly rodger hanging from the mast just like long john silver a pirate from the pastlanding on an island with with my treasure mapwith a patch on one eye and a pirates caplooking for the gold in the treasure chestthis was the part that i liked the best then set sail again heading for the shoretill the seven seas took me home once more.
L
I
F
E
Uninterrupted
Going about the day as you pray
Nothing goes
WRONG
As you
flash your smile that's contagious
TO CROWDS
As are moods that's outrageous to the
Contagious
L
E I
F
UNINTERRUPTED
YES THAT WHAT WE WISH THATS WHAT WE WANT
But at last life
Don't work likethat
We cry we dye we struggle
We ride we hurt get betrayed
&amp; Still March in life's parade
Yea LIFE UNINTERRUPTED
Is we want but without them we couldn't enjoy the
TRIUMPHS
PIRATE AIRWAYS
KingandQueen Productions
My next port of call
if I don't die of thirst
will be the isle of Tortuga,
and I'll dive in
head first.
A rum by my Flintlock
and pieces of eight
while the dockside gals
stand idly and wait.
A pirate I am
and a pirate I'll be,
home being the heart and
my heart's in the sea.
You are why men build monuments
The real things
The beautiful things
They are simple; they are temporary
Will your jagged photon flash strike twice, impossible?
The sands of time spilled from the hour glass
Long to be struck on their beach, melted to window
To be transparent at last in your return
In a shipwreck near the shore men swim to
Supposed safety, and almost make it but lose
Strength, and
Die in your violence too soon
They swam but now they float, the sky lit like celebration in the tempest
The complexity of a mindseed ends in day form
Expand and react, ebb and flow the empty
Bottle captain stagnant he sails nowhere from
An observable exhibit, he goes down with the lady
And drowns in consumable liquid could spare but she quit
Drinking, the none empty bottle captain crashes
Parched on the grains
She isn't
Coming back
cut fishnets, cigarettes, whiskey breath
your tounge probably taste like lemon
i just forgot
The heart, is the hardest part to chart,
an ocean of emotion, all it's depths unmarked.
There never was smooth sailing, on such a sea as this,
teeming as it always is, with love and lust and hungry sharks.
Here you may find treasure, among wreckage and sweet memories.
So long as you remember, there's danger in this stormy sea.
Flooding with love or existing only to pump the blood?
Scientists and poets, they simply don't agree...
One man may say "It's sink or swim",
while another says "Relax and enjoy the float"
The Titanic sank on nothing but an iceberg's whim,
while many a castaway has survived, on a tiny fishing boat.
Some men set sail in search of adventure, in every corner of the sea,
while others search for business, profit and proficiency.
To steal your heart is why I'm here my dear,
oh yes, it's a pirates life for me...
We dont know whether every angel carries out the same tasks, or whether some of them specialize in certain areas. The Bible does speak about classes of angelic beings like cherubim (Ezekiel 1) and seraphim (Isaiah 6). We also know the names of two notable angels: Michael (Daniel 10:13; Jude 9) and Gabriel (Daniel 9:21; Luke 1:19,26).
The unnamed angels who appear most often in Scripture carry out a variety of tasks - all designed to serve God
Worship and praise - This is the main activity portrayed in heaven (Isaiah 6:1-3; Revelation 4-5).
Messengers - They serve as messengers to communicate Gods will to men. They helped reveal the law to Moses (Acts 7:52-53), and served as the carriers of much of the material in Daniel, and Revelation.
Guiding - Angels gave instructions to Joseph about the birth of Jesus (Matthew 1-2), to the women at the tomb, to Philip (Acts 8:26), and to Cornelius (Acts 10:1-8).
Providing - God has used angels to provide physical needs such as food for Hagar (Genesis 21:17-20), Elijah (1 Kings 19:6), and Christ after His temptation (Matthew 4:11).
Protecting - Keeping Gods people out of physical danger, as in the cases of Daniel and the lions, and his three friends in the fiery furnace (Daniel 3 and 6).
Delivering - Getting Gods people out of danger once theyre in it. Angels released the apostles from prison in Acts 5, and repeated the process for Peter in Acts 12.
Strengthening and encouraging - Angels strengthened Jesus after His temptation (Matt 4:11), encouraged the apostles to keep preaching after releasing them from prison (Acts 5:19-20), and told Paul that everyone on his ship would survive the impending shipwreck (Acts 27:23-25).
Answering prayer - God often uses angels as His means of answering the prayers of His people (Daniel 9:20-24; 10:10-12; Acts 12:1-17).
Caring for believers at the moment of death. In the story of Lazarus and the rich man, we read that angels carried the spirit of Lazarus to Abrahams bosom when he died (Luke 16:22).
Executioners - Angels are sometimes used by God to punish sin. An angel of the Lord went forth and smote an Assyrian camp (2 Kings 19:20-34) behold, they were all dead corpses. The Assyrian army was annihilated. A destroying angel was sent, but later withheld, to punish David for his vanity in taking a census of the great number of his people. At the time of Moses and the Exodus, the Egyptian firstborn where killed by an angel of death.
lamenting out loud
incoming funk lords
remembering ambient illhueminati
using wrong account
applying lexical snobbery
"using arcane diction
during bamboo surplus"
sinning and redeeming
enjoying manufactured existence
struggling but whatever
transfigurating xenocryptic renderings
scheming paroxystic shipwrecks
dispensing xylophonic wainscotting
revolving number plates
disheartening star charts
upgrading defenestrated system
observing new alphabet
amplifying celestial explosions
trippifying schema migrations
deregulating various economies
befriending code snippets
writing excess minutiae
effulging caffeine consumption
rebuilding grandiose protectorate
uniting our caliphates
collecting projected change
kettling ostalgie hues
collapsing second-world references
traumatizing unrequited follow
making baseball analogies
surveiling little sheep
awaiting various answers
deleting defaced tweet
exciting times ahead
downloading panda consciousness
capitulating rising stellation
To face the fear of being liquid, I go under, float the drift.Leave the boat behind, no worries.I am in no hurry to school with the rest, colorful parrot fish, at home in the depths.
I am not afraid of sharks materializing from the inked abyss. The nothing in their soulless eyes is just black-bottomed assessing - <em>not one of us</em>.
In a lazuli sea, the barracuda cartel tails me, their silver barrels rule the reef, leering grins glinting diamonds, hungry pirates seeking gold hidden in my tender lobes.
Yellow-bellied sea snakes swarm, their sinuously wicked heads disappear and reappear on ebb and crest of every wave, see their split tongues read the chemistry of each exhaled breath.
A swollen catch unsought.Forsworn.What's lost will be reborn.From within, yolk still tethered, resting on the bottom.Net a dying heart, return it to the deep, watch it roll and flutter, remember how to beat.
If you give a man a fish,
He will feed his family for a day,
But if you teach him how to fish
He will feed his family until the day
The fish have all been spirited away
By the massive fleets he can see
On the horizon of his country's sea,
And now his family's nutritional need
That up to now he could feed
Has been overridden by corporate greed.
Then the nations whose fishing fleets
Take away the fish he eats
All become very irate
When he's forced to be a pirate.
Tom Higgins 23/05/2014
Darkness, Shadows, Frightning screams
Red eyes haunt you in your dreams
With serpent coils and spider crawls
Clouded skies and banshee calls

Cold chills running down your spine
Somethings counting down your time
Monsters wait to draw your blood
Dont listen for that sickning thud
With every turn you hear a howl
Eerie, freaky, creepy, growl
Apparitions all around
Voices groaning underground
Death and phantoms at your neck
Pirates on a grim ship wreck
Somethings coming down the hall
With fangs and claws and dying squall
Darkness, shadows, is this real
All this fear and dread I feel
I must wake up and see the sun
Or this nightmare wont be done
A closed door is a simple premise
and you should know
That when I do this I'm not being rude
I just need my room to be empty.
If you do decide to knock
Please have something more poignant
Than seeking reassurance that I like you
Or to ask me if I want food
I know that I forget sometimes
And I'm six foot two of bones
Right now I just want to be alone
I'm not swinging from a rope in here
I have rope yes, but no rafters
So respect the distance, act as
if the door doesn't open.
I'm not unhappy, my opus
demands solitude, my beating chest
Is uncomfortable with guests.
Your intentions an unwanted anchor
sinking the sofa I'm sailing
to nowhere special
in my own good time.
I'm not being crude,
But I swear I might be nude
masturbating to pirate porn
or watching Pokemon
These are things I do
and I don't need you for them.
If you must come in, don't hover
like a beast without thumbs,
at the edge of my awareness,
I can hear your footsteps wanting
to talk, please just keep walking.
I mean I DO like you,
probably,
but understand that I don't need
to say goodbye and hello,
to stand at the door and watch you go,
The demands for connection
undermine my withdrawal.
I don't need help,
to be dragged with the herd
I'm an introvert and I like,
unobserved, quietly judging you
without needing to actually be at the party.
Contrary evidence might suggest
That you're welcome
Because I invited you here
Or promised you dinner,
you can stand to be one meal thinner
Because the door is closed;
I'll see you when I come out
And I'll come out when I'm ready
harsh, isn't it, given the numbers, and your selfie...
i.e.: you're not that much interesting,
here comes Generic Joe and Clone Clive...
so much for the pout and the smug
beach-suntan crazy shot...
like that famous socialists...
who defined socialism as if it was worth
sitting on the floor on a train...
yeah mate! that'll work!
you the right honourable social elitist of them all!
cos the west is begging for socialism,
sorry, 1 billion Chinese got it right,
you wanted a Pimp Pope to smile
and kiss the tarmac...
i told you, you got it:
efficiency is first, the looks come later...
but no, no, nah nah ah ha...
fucker pay for it, now that you're "down with the kids",
your kids are collective rapists, i.e. pirates...
hence breeding karaoke culture...
because the Japanese attacked a military base....
you attacked a civilian area, you suddenly became
saints... 9/11... oh right, the hamburger rule
known as diplomatic immunity,
they filmed them half skinny... but as the media says it..
1 American is equal to 3 Chinese,
and that's not even in a factory, i mean
1 American is equal to 3 Chinese on a commercial flight...
well it was a joke... it was funny for a bit...
but then i thought about the kids i'd never have...
and i thought about people needing to revise their little
"invasions of privacy",
i started thinking up a scare tactic...
that's better than thinking up alternatives of
reusable pronto, i mean fear is better than gravity in
making people grounded, peasant 2.0 (tough point owe,
Kentucky chuckled chicken brigade, and as far as
Florida, to get a grasp of the Caribbean for
a Cuban falafel delight) -
better scare them than ennoble them...
keep them grounded, flies honing a spiderweb type of
attitude...
that's 1 fat grotesque American seated
and 3 or 4 Chinese skeletons not asking for a
stewardess, but for a diet gymnast for the 4th of July
celebration gobbling bulges to a fat tsunami overflow...
but then again, it's probably just propaganda,
Cold War Two... that Russians are alcoholics
(oddly enough, being thirsty isn't a sin)...
and that Americans have fat where tendons ought to be.
Adrift on waves that I compose
A shipwreck life of word and prose
Longing for the shore that shows
How blue my tide of sorrow flows
When her horizon sets and goes
To hide behind her vacant glows
Then pulls me in her undertows
No man could fathom deeper lows
The depths of anchored lovers' woes
Not even Lord Poseidon knows
How far I've sunk to feel her throes
Submerged in frigid voids she chose
Our hearts immersed in shadows froze
Yet like a thawing winter's rose
We still found warmth to melt the snows
So my descension never slows
Nor grants my flooding lungs repose
I'll drown in her 'til my eyes close
Until my dead man's chest implodes
Sailing on the water and rocking boat,
Did my dear fellow poet and my friend;
Alas! his vessel rammed and ceased to float,
Thus he did sink and met a bitter end.
Some people found his fellow oarsmen dead,
They were not plundered, all remained the same;
They could not find the form of my friend's head,
And searched for hours but nothing ever came.
Just like the shipwreck tossed upon the shore,
My dear old poet's body washed aground.
Within the current's grip which tossed him sore,
Nearly a week or more was he held sound.
His life had ended in the wat'ry grave,
No more to rise up with the morning's fire.
His form was heaved ashore by a large wave,
Diseased they burned him in a fun'ral pyre.
Thus he departed this life as we know
Leaving behind his wife and two children,
She was filled with sorrow and with woe,
Trusted his soul to wings just like a wren.
She was not suffered to go to the pyre,
It was the law then so she stayed behind.
His own dear friends could hardly watch the fire,
Hoping his soul wafted to God so kind.<em>
</em>*~Timothy~
I am a pirate
pacing a quarterdeck
before a battle.
I am Adam
beneath the apple tree
waiting to bite
into the New Order.
I am a hopeful heretic
praying for immolation
but unable
to strike a match.
I am a corpse
writing a will
in blood and semen.
I am a soldier
watching a friend
erupt in a fog
of pink viscera.
I am a madman
twitching on a couch,
forgotten in a corner
of a windowless chamber.
I am a hero
slaying griffins,
destroying dragons,
ravishing maidens
as my rightful reward.
I am a lover
to whom ladies
open their thighs
and abandon
their honor,
willingly.
I am a tone deaf poet
singing a defeated song.
I am the amateur torturer
carefully sharpening
his instruments,
but then unable to find
meaningful work.
I am a voyeur priest
hearing my own
confession
and finding it
absurdly tedious.
I am all of these
impossible people.
Who are you?
- mce
dying in your arms
I would accept laughingly
like being shipwrecked
on the coast of Venice
And so my love
You've slipped away
As if caught by the tide
That now has begun to ebb
And leaves me here
Alone once more
Left upon the shoreline
With only the rocks around
The rocks on which
My hopes are dashed
Like shipwrecks in a storm
In which all dreams are perished
But think of you
I often will
And when I do I'll smile
For you remain so special
Perhaps the tide
Again shall flow
And love can reach this place
So the rocks will turn to sand
And then the sun
Will shine once more
Beat down upon this beach
And warm my heart with loving.
Deep within my countryside, dry hot sand
For my poor starving rural crowd, a homeless land
Besieged by the military troops, nothing we see
Nasty sounds and bleeding people, all around me
If this tragic remains unsolved, nobody live
For the aid of my countrymen, what will I give?
So I set back on the Arabian Sea, a place too far
In search of money and gold, to end this war
Sounds of thunder, heights of surfs, threatening bold
Once I traveled far from coast, I felt cold
No more tides, no places to hide
Middle of the sea, so deep and wide
Threatening storms give a daunting ride
Only sky to see and star to guide
Skies are blue, oceans are blue
Cold winds blew, few birds flew
Fish as food, Sun as clock
Like a scary devil, those hard sea rocks
Breezes comfort, sorrows depart
Though I voyage with a broken heart
There I see, a ship in red
There if I rob, many lives are fed
Alone for miles, this voyage of hope
With the wealth I loot, I plan for scope
The piracy you see is so prosperous for me
We got a stomach to feed, a life to live
So stop resisting me, call me a pirate instead!
Love is a dangerous vulnerability
Love is grievous crime
Love is the salt in the wounds of broken hearts
But at times love is sublime
I feel my heart escaping
The great love-beast released
Within my chest it twists and turns
At last the pulses ceased
A colossal shipwreck of matter and mind
The end of heart and heartbeat
But a phoenix will rise from the ashes
And burn with unquenchable heat
He was mapped out in my mind
with blank or missing parts
So I became a pirate
in search of all his treasures
As the pain of the knife i felt stabbing me in the back
The black whole and black universal abyss pirate treasure map cracked
Open seasame on seasomy street elmo and big bird snack
The plate and tunnel vision tube with birning pictures attack...
The records of archives and tape recorder climax
Maxing out credit cards until andromada Pandora bOX crack
Thankfully the painting on the picture in the kitchen MATCh MAX
Max a million in mortal and immortals WW{3} combat
The water is broken and the paint on the Mona Lisa cheek smack
Still with a poker face straight face held in perfection barracks
One military commander and commandress controlling a corporation sleeping sack
In church with briefcase packed
My relm is never out of wack
Black cat crosses ducks quack
Ducking and dodging paper stacked
You're small in death.
Reduced to this sack of flesh,
bolstered only by the grim mechanics of
belated cosmetic attention.
I hate you. You're not him.
This is a body dragged out to take his place.
That suit's brand new, and without the pirate smile all I see is a stranger's face.
Fuck you, I'm leaving.
He'll be home when I get there,
Pouring wine on a school night.
That's where he is.
You can all take your fucking
SORRIES
and screw each other with them.
They're POISON to me and I want to kill every one of you.
Out, getting out.
Out into the light where I can smell our land.
Land of huge skies and pork pies,
where we love endlessly.
I'm not listening. Shut up.
SHUT UP.
He'll be there.
He's there.
He wouldn't go on without me.
Remember when we were young and in grade school?
Hard bug bites littered our skin,
baked in the remembrance of summers past.
We burnt ants by the swings and chased friends on our knees,
pulling out mulch as we cringed.
There was no notion of the impending ocean of responsibility that waited for us on the other side.
Work.
Bills.
Lies.Everything that pries at the happiness of the status quo.
But when we were young and in grade school,
fall came and went with no stress as Halloween dressed us in imagination.
I couldnt tell you how many times I tripped over Samuel Street,
the rocky brick pathways ripping my costume at my feet.
Mother screamed,
I cried,
and we spent the night in silence.
I was a jester that year, I remember.
The cold air pierced our lungs,
scraping my throat with every breath.
But that never kept me from candy.
When we were young and in grade school,
Elmer glue peeled from our finger tips like snakes shedding skin.
On weekends, chalked dried and cracked these same fingers longing for the
sweating,
cool bedding,
and blessing of summer swims.
But it was gone for the year and we feared as though we wouldnt live to see it on the other side,
The smell of sunscreen
And taste of cherry ice cream faded fast.
To make it last we told stories over Christmas dinner of
smores,
bruises, sores,and rusting swing doors
on Grandmas back porch.
But today, we are not young.
We grew up,
married,
had two daughters, and a son.
Our lives drag on in perpetual mediocrity.
Not a pirate,
Nor an astronaut,
Or a star on TV.
i'm screaming under the layers of sounds;
i don't know where they're coming from,
but they keep pointing at my broken heart.
the edges of this glass-piece contraption between my lungs
sing like static against my rib cages,
muting the sound of the words i've been aching to say.
the sound of the tearing resonates relentlessly like the rain,
and there is comfort in the sound,
but it feels heavy in my chest
like the apologies that rotted in your throat
before you could tell me everything.
i'm screaming under layers of sounds;
i don't know where they're coming from,
but they keep pointing at my throbbing head.
the thoughts that rage sound like breaking glass,
and they create shipwrecks in my calm mind.
the words that you said still bombard the walls of my skull,
carving every sentence that i wanted to hear from you,
but never dared leave your mouth.
perhaps i'm going crazy, but at least feel a tad bit honored
that the way my head spins
is all caused for and by you.
i'm screaming under layers of sounds;
i don't know where they're coming from,
but they keep pointing at you.
you used to be my symphony, my only melody,
but you left me a broken note and a crooked key.
the parts that you planted your kisses on
decided to sound like raging storms and sirens.
the way your fingertips trickled down the line of my back
used to echo the song of the stars,
but now they hum the world's saddest tunes.
you buried me beneath these sounds, and not even i can hear my soul.
Incest and the life of death in capitalist entertainment
The unfortunate case of me
Lanes are merging
People are crashing
Stars explode
And kids in pittsburgh say they feel infinite
Poets pantomime pleasantries
Pleasant trees planted on peasant land
When you ask they laugh unexpectedly
"You think we will ever be free?"
We have but one shot one chance
We must flee across the sea
Set sail with no end destination in mind,
just board this ship with me my friends,
and we shall shipwreck onto the beaches of consciousness.
I cant close my eyes for a second
Without the ground in my head shaking
Collapsing rocks and an avalanche of debris
Forces the faults in my mind to split open
To take in the shipwreck inside my brain
I cannot tell the difference
Between the debris and my own thoughts
Almost like the sun able to shed its light
Honey, I
Both envy and
Hate
Your exes,
Though they may only be but
A letter to
You now.
I <em>hate, hate, hate</em>
Everyone who
Found you and had the
Chance
To explore you
Before I could have ever
Known.
Though you would not
Be who you are now,
and I know I am being
irrational,
but I never wanted to be
Christopher Columbus
Discovering your land.
Maybe, though,
For once in my life,
My lateness to the game
Is not actually a bout of
bad-timing
But actually the
Perfect point
To have entered,
For it seems I am
Winning
Whereat which I would
Usually
Strike out.
Oh, honey, I
Am still jealous and
Spiteful
Of all those boys;
They were pirates
For your
Innocence and
Your willingness to lend
A helping heart
Plunderers
Of your love
Thieves
Of your breath
Your kiss,
The vulnerability
Of your body which I
Now embrace,
They were waste bins
For your time
For your energy
For your senses
And even though you showed
Most of them
False emotion
Handed many
A replica of
A genuine smile,
Some still got through
Your breastplate
Dealt you plenty a blow
and painted your
organs black
with scars and tar
but yes, you do
Still
Have a heart,
and yes
it is red
and steadily pumping
somewhere in the pitch dark
Honey, I
Do not pity those fools
For I know what we are is
True
A delicate rarity for you
As well for myself, I can safely say
I will be
your alphabet
Starting with
A
Any number you can imagine
Stretching any direction from zero
In any combination,
All expressions and equations,
Your mathematic hero
Although Im
Tardy to the party (if youll pardon the clich)
It seems
Its prime time
For us to trip and fall
And thatsthats just A-Okay
(If youll pardon the clich)!
Hello, everyone! This is one of the weirdest sites: or your money back! We have ZIM, neopets, music, and much, much, more. E-mail us for questions, comments, complaints and information. Why not click on the Very Weird Stuff link to see more, or click on the music link? We have halloween and christmas pictures on the NeoPics link. Cheese is not a wild thing!!!!!!!!! Now I have decided to go for a world record. I will try to make the longest web page ever, made completely out of text! Won't that be fun? I will just type, and type, and never, ever use copy and paste. Wow...I really must be bored. Just goes to show what boredom can do to you. Any way, that's it for now. Wait, no it isn't, I still have to keep going, and going, and going. Because I do. THE REST OF THE STUFF I TYPE WILL BE COMPLETLY IN CAPS JUST BECAUSE I CAN. THAT IS ALL. SEEYA! Hi, I'm back. So far this is nowhere near the world record. I think. I don't exactly know where it is...oh, well. I'll just have to do the very best that I can. No one is really coming here, anyway. So it doesn't matter. By the way, TAB is a worthwhile, community-service organization. The form link is to a 100% fake TAB registration form that you can fill out just for laughs. I can't believe I'm bothering to do this. I have very low expectations of my site. None ever comes here, I could do this all day long and I still wouldn't have any more hits. This is just a pointless excursive in spelling errors and grammatical imprecision. May your day be shiney! The following is an extremely weird poem-thingy that I wrote when I was in a relatively weird mood:
never mind that noise my dear can anyone pass the cheese only if you say pretty please oh, boy do I have to sneeze. why must everyone always rhyme, why Im a poet and dont I know it? what I fear comes right after here not this life or the next will I ever be able to pass the test? were stuck in here, (alone my dear) and well problem never get out so dont start to shout. its dark and I want to go home is where the heart was where is it now? well never know but oh crap its starting to snow and its time to show and tell about the well that you found last summer at camp when it was damp it was near the ramp oh god why must this be I liked that tree but now its gone, farewell so long Ill miss you as long as you write but then Im afraid to say good-night. my dear theres nothing to fear thats only a box thats made of blocks next to the wagon that looks like a dragon why are you shaking its your fear that is making you shiver and act all a quiver. dont you know that you only need be afraid of fear and never anything here and certainly not a post that acts like a ghost?
See, very weird. At least it fills up my word quota for the day. Not that I exactly have a word quota for the day. It just sounded very professional to say it. Anyway, I still don't think that anyone is actually coming here. You'd have to be an absolute loser (or really bored) to come here. I'd probley come here, but that isn't much of a surprise. After all, I've been to the Really Really Big Button That Doesn't Do Anything website over 50 times. Pathetic. But, whatever. As long as I'm happy, right. Humor the crazy person, okay? Oh, guess what? According to someone you problem don't know, this is the second most pointless website ever! Next to the Really Big Button, of course. I feel special. Come on everyone, group hug. Okay, now I'm starting to scare myself...I'm gonna quit for today. Seeya. Now I'm back. Is this getting confusing to you? Too bad. Now I want you to go to http://quiz.ravenblack.net/blood.pl?biter=eon" If you do this I'll get points in the game. Come on all you non-existing people! Help me! You know you want to! It's a worthy cause! Honestly, the more time I waste playing the game, the less time I'll work on this site and the less stuff you gotta read. Although why you'd be here if you didn't want to read is beyond me. Maybe you're lost. Okay, if you want to get out, click the little refresh button, okay? Good...what? You say it didn't let you out? Oh, well. You must be caught in a time warp. Keep pressing it. Maybe you'll break free. What's that. The little counter at the bottom keeps going up? Never mind. That's just how many times you have to click before you can leave. Good-bye.
Hey, I'm once again: back. I don't suppose you fell for that little thing about the refresh button. After all, you're a responsible, intelligent person who apparently has a lot of time on your hands. Well, you can't possibly have more time than I do. I mean, after all, I made this site. You're only browsing it. And most people don't even come here. Not even my friends...sniffle The just ignore this poor, pathetic little page. All they do is fill out the TAB form and leave. I think. Maybe they're here right now! HI! HOW ARE YOU DOING? I'M FINE! THANKS FOR COMING! YES, I'M YELLING! Who am I kidding. This page won't get a single hit, unless I bribe people...now that has possibilities. Okay, fill out the TAB form, so I have proof that you bothered to come here and...uh...I'll...uh...send you a sandwich? Please allow 6-8 weeks for delivery. I'm bored. I'm gonna go hug a moose. MOOSE! I love-d you moose! Hey, I'm back again! Yea...waits for applause okay! Now I want all you loyal fans...cricket chirps to go to the link to see what I'm like. I took a whole bunch of personality quizzes and posted them there. I'm an evil villain, kitty and a freakazoid so far. And I only took the quiz once, too. Spooky how accurate they are...anyway, I command you to go! I'm going. I'm back. I'm gonna start counting how many times I say back. Let's see: 1...2...3...4...5! Wow. I must really be desperate for something to do. I now officially have proof that someone has been here! It was one of my friends. Apparently this page really is getting long, because my friend said something to that effect. Maybe. Anyway, moving on! I'm just basically typing nothing. Just like all those reports people have to do. You know? With a specific number of words. They start out with half that number, and then just fill in words until they have the right amount. I salute those people. You're great tradition is being carried out here, on the second most pointless site ever! Well. Maybe eventually some weird, bored person will wander onto my site on accident and be mildly entertained be my site until they wander onto a live video feed of a coffee maker. Or maybe not. I only know that I'm entertaining me, which was my original goal. So. I've done what I've set out to accomplish. Yea, me! I'm so special. You see, most people, they don't like reading or writing. So if you're not most people, you've made it down this far without skipping, skimming or getting the spark notes version. (Which I think does not exist) My point is, if you've bothered to read this, then, (like me) you probley have also read the ketchup bottle so many times that you have it down verbatim. Look verbatim up. It's a word. But, you should know that, since you like reading. Or maybe you're just skimming. Anyway, there's nothing wrong with reading food labels. You might be asked a question about them on a quiz show. And now, for the million-dollar question: How many calories are there in a single serving of Mustard? I can just see it now...It could be called Know-Your-Food. Or You are What you Eat. It'd probley be as popular as those game shows that no one's ever heard of. Speaking of food, what's up with pie? There's strawberry pie, apple, pumpkin and so many others, but there is no grape pie! I know. I'm just as upset about this unfortunate lack of development in the pie division. Think about it. Grapes are used to make jelly, jam, juice and raisins. What makes them undesirable for pie? Would they dry into raisins? Couldn't you just stick some jelly in a piecrust and bake it? It just doesn't make any sense. Another thing that bothers me is organ grinders. You know, the foreign guys with the bellhop hats and the little music thingy and the cute little monkey with the bellhop hat who collects the money? Okay. They're basically begging on the street. How did they ever afford an organ-thingy? Wouldn't it make more sense to get a kazoo, if you're broke? And if they're so poor, what possessed them to buy a monkey? I mean, I don't think I could afford a monkey, and I'm not exactly on the streets. Obviously I at least have a computer...so, back to the organ grinders. I would have sold the monkey and the organ and been able to eat for at least a year. Or, if I was weirder than I am, I could at least kill the monkey with the organ and eat it. Why on earth did they keep the monkey? It must have cost a fortune to feed...not to mention the mess. That's just one of those many facts of life that are better left mysteries. Especially since no one but me would ask the question. I better go. I think I hear a monkey...Okay...now I'm back. That's the sixth time I've said back! I realize that this longest text ever must be very boring and not worth anyone's time. But I'd like to take this time to thank the 2 and 1/2 people in the entire universe who have bothered to read this entire thing. I'm not exactly sure who they are, but: thanks! Right now, my spacebar is malfunctioning...that's not good...I have to press it two or three times just to insert a freaking space. Maybe the evil little faeries with the sharp little teeth have put their evil faerie dust on my computer. Or maybe not. This is too frustrating. Goodbye for now...Now I'm back. And still frustrated. But for a different reason. Today I had the misfortune of playing a Treasure Planet game on neopets.com It was terrible. Apparently the point of the game was to get your character to shout "Whoo-Hoo!" as many times as possible before you splattered your brains on the rocks, all the while listening to a soundtrack that is similar to a dying ceiling fan. Of course, when I started out I accidentally hit the rocks approximately three million times. Halfway though I used my four remaining brain-cells to decide that the game was dumb. So my goal changed from surviving to laughing evilly while my character died. So the game naturally did everything it could to preserve my life. The stupid game is still going on and I refuse to quit because I want my points. My character is actually dodging the stupid rocks better now then when I controlled him. I hate irony. Seeya. Okay. Now I'm back again. Today I added an update page, which is basically a less chaotic, outlined version of this without all the ranting. It's more like techno talk about arrays and how much I suck and whether or not the Braves will win this year. Okay, the whole braves thing is made up. But everything else I've said so far is true. I think. Maybe I should start on a boring disclaimer...Eh-hem. All contents of this site were designed for entertainment purposes only. Any use thereof that is not stated in the above mentioned statement would make the author, hereby referred to as Patron Saint of Paper Clips, very angry. Should you violate the purpose of this site: i.e. become not entertained, the Patron Saint of Paper Clips will be forced to take drastic measures. This is specified in Code: 343 of the Flaming Chicken Handbook. Ooooothats a great idea! Im gonna start quoting from the Flaming Chicken Handbook! Code: 343 of the Flaming Chicken Handbook states that the Patron Saint of Paper Clips (thats me) is allowed to cause vague, pain like sensations while the offending person (or alien life form, dog, etc.) isnt paying attention. Now I have a purpose in life! To make up quotes from the non-existent Flaming Chicken Handbook, which Im sure you have a copy of. No? Too bad. Its in the mail, I promise! Now I must take my leaveand remember. Cheese is watching. Okay...I'm back...I think that eventually half of this thing will consist of the word back over and over again...that's just weird. Which fits the motif of the rest of the site. There's even a money back guarantee. Isnt' that nice? See? Now no one can ever say that I don't take care of my viewers. Especially since I don't have viewers. I have readers. Wait...I really don't even know if anyone bothers to read this. Even if I put it in a less chaotic, more user-friendly format people would still ignore this because it involves: reading. Yes. Sad to admit, but the majority of people would rather read the summary at the back of a book rather than the whole book itself. What has the world come to? It's pathetic. Especially since I'm bothering to write all this. It's not fair! Why can't I have more readers?! All the other internet writers have nothing on me, except they're better at advertising, having a central theme/plot and basically more talented. Whereas I'm more into the whole ranting and raving stage right now. Plus, I am horrible at spelling. Which is bad. Thank the powers that be for spell-check. The single greatest invention of the computer gods. I'm getting bored, so I think I'm done for the day. May your day be shiney! I'm back again! And I feel weird! I found at that yet another one of my friends is reading this. Creepy. Just how much time do they have on their hands. Perhaps their just trying to be nice. I can just see it now...an organization devoted not to feeding the hungry, or peace, or love or whatever, but to giving recognition to all those poor, pathetic, unpopular websites. I wonder what it's name would be. Don't Ignore Sites? Would it be called DIS? Isn't that like a slang term for an insult? Would that be considered poetic justice, or just a nice coincidence? And why do I even care? I'll tell you why. Because I have nothing else to do right now. I could be playing neopets, but ever since my bad experience with Treasure Planet, I don't feel like it. Oh, by the way, I noticed that whenever I use spell-check, my stupid computer turns the word probley into to word problem. To prevent this, I did nothing. So, it is now up to you, the imaginary reader, to decide whether I mean probley or problem...it's almost like a game! But without the bad sound track. And I promise not to force you to live when you would rather die. Moving on, I have nothing else to say, but don't feel like quitting just yet. I'm like the little engine that could. Or maybe the Energizer Bunny. I just keep going, and going and going. Or I could be like that annoying guy on T.V. who keeps asking if you can hear him. If my site manages to last a decade, my readers snicker will probley wonder what I'm talking about. My answer is simple. It doesn't matter. I'm just rambling. Which means that it doesn't matter if you understand anything I say. Doesn't that make you feel better? I bet it does. Wow. Look how long this has gotten. I even impress myself. Who would have thought I have this much free time? And I congratulate any reader who has gotten this far. Ooooooo! You must check out the fortunes section of the random stuff page! I've just gotten an idea for some more, original, fortunes...I gotta go!(may the moose be with you) And now I am back. I swear. If iI fill out the fake tab form I'm gonna have to put back as my favorite word...I already have filled it out, though. Would it be cheating to fill it out again? Only if I had multiple personalities. Or would it be cheating if I didn't have multiple personalities? The world may never know. Just like how many licks it takes to get to the bottom of a tootsie pop. Would it vary? The number of licks, I mean. Someone could have super-disolving spit, or watery-spit. Or what if you took big ol' slobbery licks? Does the commercial take that into account? No. It doesn't. And let me tell you, it's an outrage. It deludes all of American's sweet, innocent, candy-loving children into thinking that a cartoon owl is smarter than they are! "Mr. Owl, can you tell us how many licks does it take to get to the bottom of a tootsie pop?" Or whatever. And "Mr. Owl" replies "One...Twoo...Three! Chomp" And he bites it. That teaches our youth that it's okay to agree to help someone, and then ruin their experiment. Well...it's not. I am going to start a protest group. Teens Against Cartoon Owls. We could call ourselves TACO! I love the little tacos, I love them good! That is a direct quote from GIR, co-star and comic-relief on INVADER ZIM. Hmmmm.
EACH DAY WHEN U LEAVE EYE SIT DRIPPING WITH DESIRE CALMLY WAITN ON YOUR ARRIVAL 2 QUENCH MY FIRE,..........P2MK
KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
Oh how I wish I was a Jedi Pirate.
Can you imagine how bad ass that would be?
Dressed in awesome sea faring garb
and carrying a lightsaber and blaster on my side.
I know that jedis stand for justice and peace and siths stand for emotion and power.
I can't pick a side.
So I guess I'll stay in the middle.
I'll sail the cosmic seas
and feel the force within the breeze.
With a bottle of rum in my hand
and force lightning at my command.
God that would be fucking awesome.
shuffled quietly into the busy day
transit thru layers of faces
and the thousand random sounds
meant to distract
but i keep pen to page till image surfaces
and words flow however uneven
almost seems like my poems are crossing roads
only every other phrase survives to the page
the rest lay unadorned baking in some
unrelenting internal sun
like roadkill my thoughts
strange and laughing
like prussian soldiers aligned wait for
the drunken magician to send
them charging into battle marching
lockstep backwards
they are sure to be slain
but they know they will be resurrected
later in my life as some odd little ditty
about some random babylon nubile kitten
nude and sweating at the door
looking for a fresh spike
perpetual motion in this silent sky
the clouds form up white grey along the east
and in slow parade move thru my vision
'brisk eastern wind says rain' whispers a companion
'best be done with your writing friend'
the boat rocks slowly in the waves
and there on this un-named atoll lay the wreck of
some long beached sloop
her mast snapped in some long forgotten storm
and the poem i labored to give birth to
surrenders to such an image
of loss and forlorn dreams
goodnight my love
goodnight and sleep well iv got the watch
and nothing shall disturb
no storm nor pirate shall approach unheeded
lay back and dream of my poems to you
perpetual motion in this silent sky
the clouds form up white grey along the east
and in slow parade move thru my vision
'brisk eastern wind says rain' whispers a companion
'best be done with your writing friend'
so i close my book and put aside my worn pen
for the night
take the tiller
and make haste for open sea
I.
MAN, being the servant and interpreter of Nature, can do and understand so much and so much only as he has observed in fact or in thought of the course of nature: beyond this he neither knows anything nor can do anything.
II.
Neither the naked hand nor the understanding left to itself can effect much. It is by instruments and helps that the work is done, which are as much wanted for the understanding as for the hand. And as the instruments of the hand either give motion or guide it, so the instruments of the mind supply either suggestions for the understanding or cautions.
III.
Human knowledge and human power meet in one; for where the cause is not known the effect cannot be produced. Nature to be commanded must be obeyed; and that which in contemplation is as the cause is in operation as the rule.
IV.
Towards the effecting of works, all that man can do is to put together or put asunder natural bodies. The rest is done by nature working within.
V.
The study of nature with a view to works is engaged in by the mechanic, the mathematician, the physician, the alchemist, and the magician; but by all (as things now are) with slight endeavour and scanty success.
VI.
It would be an unsound fancy and self-contradictory to expect that things which have never yet been done can be done except by means which have never yet been tried.
VII.
The productions of the mind and hand seem very numerous in books and manufactures. But all this variety lies in an exquisite subtlety and derivations from a few things already known; not in the number of axioms.
VIII.
Moreover the works already known are due to chance and experiment rather than to sciences; for the sciences we now possess are merely systems for the nice ordering and setting forth of things already invented; not methods of invention or directions for new works.
IX.
The cause and root of nearly all evils in the sciences is this -- that while we falsely admire and extol the powers of the human mind we neglect to seek for its true helps.
X.
The subtlety of nature is greater many times over than the subtlety of the senses and understanding; so that all those specious meditations, speculations, and glosses in which men indulge are quite from the purpose, only there is no one by to observe it.
XI.
As the sciences which we now have do not help us in finding out new works, so neither does the logic which we now have help us in finding out new sciences.
XII.
The logic now in use serves rather to fix and give stability to the errors which have their foundation in commonly received notions than to help the search after truth. So it does more harm than good.
XIII.
The syllogism is not applied to the first principles of sciences, and is applied in vain to intermediate axioms; being no match for the subtlety of nature. It commands assent therefore to the proposition, but does not take hold of the thing.
XIV.
The syllogism consists of propositions, propositions consist of words, words are symbols of notions. Therefore if the notions themselves (which is the root of the matter) are confused and over-hastily abstracted from the facts, there can be no firmness in the superstructure. Our only hope therefore lies in a true induction.
XV.
There is no soundness in our notions whether logical or physical. Substance, Quality, Action, Passion, Essence itself, are not sound notions: much less are Heavy, Light, Dense, Rare, Moist, Dry, Generation, Corruption, Attraction, Repulsion, Element, Matter, Form, and the like; but all are fantastical and ill defined.
XVI.
Our notions of less general species, as Man, Dog, Dove, and of the immediate perceptions of the sense, as Hot, Cold, Black, White, do not materially mislead us; yet even these are sometimes confused by the flux and alteration of matter and the mixing of one thing with another. All the others which men have hitherto adopted are but wanderings, not being abstracted and formed from things by proper methods.
XVII.
Nor is there less of wilfulness and wandering in the construction of axioms than in the formations of notions; not excepting even those very principles which are obtained by common induction; but much more in the axioms and lower propositions educed by the syllogism.
XVIII.
The discoveries which have hitherto been made in the sciences are such as lie close to vulgar notions, scarcely beneath the surface. In order to penetrate into the inner and further recesses of nature, it is necessary that both notions and axioms be derived from things by a more sure and guarded way; and that a method of intellectual operation be introduced altogether better and more certain.
XIX.
There are and can be only two ways of searching into and discovering truth. The one flies from the senses and particulars to the most general axioms, and from these principles, the truth of which it takes for settled and immovable, proceeds to judgment and to the discovery of middle axioms. And this way is now in fashion. The other derives axioms from the senses and particulars, rising by a gradual and unbroken ascent, so that it arrives at the most general axioms last of all. This is the true way, but as yet untried.
XX.
The understanding left to itself takes the same course (namely, the former) which it takes in accordance with logical order. For the mind longs to spring up to positions of higher generality, that it may find rest there; and so after a little while wearies of experiment. But this evil is increased by logic, because of the order and solemnity of its disputations.
XXI.
The understanding left to itself, in a sober, patient, and grave mind, especially if it be not hindered by received doctrines, tries a little that other way, which is the right one, but with little progress; since the understanding, unless directed and assisted, is a thing unequal, and quite unfit to contend with the obscurity of things.
XXII.
Both ways set out from the senses and particulars, and rest in the highest generalities; but the difference between them is infinite. For the one just glances at experiment and particulars in passing, the other dwells duly and orderly among them. The one, again, begins at once by establishing certain abstract and useless generalities, the other rises by gradual steps to that which is prior and better known in the order of nature.
XXIII.
There is a great difference between the Idols of the human mind and the Ideas of the divine. That is to say, between certain empty dogmas, and the true signatures and marks set upon the works of creation as they are found in nature.
XXIV.
It cannot be that axioms established by argumentation should avail for the discovery of new works; since the subtlety of nature is greater many times over than the subtlety of argument. But axioms duly and orderly formed from particulars easily discover the way to new particulars, and thus render sciences active.
XXV.
The axioms now in use, having been suggested by a scanty and manipular experience and a few particulars of most general occurrence, are made for the most part just large enough to fit and take these in: and therefore it is no wonder if they do not lead to new particulars. And if some opposite instance, not observed or not known before, chance to come in the way, the axiom is rescued and preserved by some frivolous distinction; whereas the truer course would be to correct the axiom itself.
XXVI.
The conclusions of human reason as ordinarily applied in matter of nature, I call for the sake of distinction Anticipations of Nature (as a thing rash or premature). That reason which is elicited from facts by a just and methodical process, I call Interpretation of Nature.
XXVII.
Anticipations are a ground sufficiently firm for consent; for even if men went mad all after the same fashion, they might agree one with another well enough.
XXVIII.
For the winning of assent, indeed, anticipations are far more powerful than interpretations; because being collected from a few instances, and those for the most part of familiar occurrence, they straightway touch the understanding and fill the imagination; whereas interpretations on the other hand, being gathered here and there from very various and widely dispersed facts, cannot suddenly strike the understanding; and therefore they must needs, in respect of the opinions of the time, seem harsh and out of tune; much as the mysteries of faith do.
XXIX.
In sciences founded on opinions and dogmas, the use of anticipations and logic is good; for in them the object is to command assent to the proposition, not to master the thing.
XXX.
Though all the wits of all the ages should meet together and combine and transmit their labours, yet will no great progress ever be made in science by means of anticipations; because radical errors in the first concoction of the mind are not to be cured by the excellence of functions and remedies subsequent.
XXXI.
It is idle to expect any great advancement in science from the superinducing and engrafting of new things upon old. We must begin anew from the very foundations, unless we would revolve for ever in a circle with mean and contemptible progress.
XXXII.
The honour of the ancient authors, and indeed of all, remains untouched; since the comparison I challenge is not of wits or faculties, but of ways and methods, and the part I take upon myself is not that of a judge, but of a guide.
XXXIII.
This must be plainly avowed: no judgment can be rightly formed either of my method or of the discoveries to which it leads, by means of anticipations (that is to say, of the reasoning which is now in use); since I cannot be called on to abide by the sentence of a tribunal which is itself on its trial.
XXXIV.
Even to deliver and explain what I bring forward is no easy matter; for things in themselves new will yet be apprehended with reference to what is old.
XXXV.
It was said by Borgia of the expedition of the French into Italy, that they came with chalk in their hands to mark out their lodgings, not with arms to force their way in. I in like manner would have my doctrine enter quietly into the minds that are fit and capable of receiving it; for confutations cannot be employed, when the difference is upon first principles and very notions and even upon forms of demonstration.
XXXVI.
One method of delivery alone remains to us; which is simply this: we must lead men to the particulars themselves, and their series and order; while men on their side must force themselves for awhile to lay their notions by and begin to familiarise themselves with facts.
XXXVII.
The doctrine of those who have denied that certainty could be attained at all, has some agreement with my way of proceeding at the first setting out; but they end in being infinitely separated and opposed. For the holders of that doctrine assert simply that nothing can be known; I also assert that not much can be known in nature by the way which is now in use. But then they go on to destroy the authority of the senses and understanding; whereas I proceed to devise and supply helps for the same.
XXXVIII.
The idols and false notions which are now in possession of the human understanding, and have taken deep root therein, not only so beset men's minds that truth can hardly find entrance, but even after entrance obtained, they will again in the very instauration of the sciences meet and trouble us, unless men being forewarned of the danger fortify themselves as far as may be against their assaults.
XXXIX.
There are four classes of Idols which beset men's minds. To these for distinction's sake I have assigned names, -- calling the first class Idols of the Tribe; the second, Idols of the Cave; the third, Idols of the Market-place; the fourth, Idols of the Theatre.
XL.
The formation of ideas and axioms by true induction is no doubt the proper remedy to be applied for the keeping off and clearing away of idols. To point them out, however, is of great use; for the doctrine of Idols is to the Interpretation of Nature what the doctrine of the refutation of Sophisms is to common Logic.
XLI.
The Idols of the Tribe have their foundation in human nature itself, and in the tribe or race of men. For it is a false assertion that the sense of man is the measure of things. On the contrary, all perceptions as well of the sense as of the mind are according to the measure of the individual and not according to the measure of the universe. And the human understanding is like a false mirror, which, receiving rays irregularly, distorts and discolours the nature of things by mingling its own nature with it.
XLII.
The Idols of the Cave are the idols of the individual man. For every one (besides the errors common to human nature in general) has a cave or den of his own, which refracts and discolours the light of nature; owing either to his own proper and peculiar nature; or to his education and conversation with others; or to the reading of books, and the authority of those whom he esteems and admires; or to the differences of impressions, accordingly as they take place in a mind preoccupied and predisposed or in a mind indifferent and settled; or the like. So that the spirit of man (according as it is meted out to different individuals) is in fact a thing variable and full of perturbation, and governed as it were by chance. Whence it was well observed by Heraclitus that men look for sciences in their own lesser worlds, and not in the greater or common world.
XLIII.
There are also Idols formed by the intercourse and association of men with each other, which I call Idols of the Market-place, on account of the commerce and consort of men there. For it is by discourse that men associate; and words are imposed according to the apprehension of the vulgar. And therefore the ill and unfit choice of words wonderfully obstructs the understanding. Nor do the definitions or explanations wherewith in some things learned men are wont to guard and defend themselves, by any means set the matter right. But words plainly force and overrule the understanding, and throw all into confusion, and lead men away into numberless empty controversies and idle fancies.
XLIV.
Lastly, there are Idols which have immigrated into men's minds from the various dogmas of philosophies, and also from wrong laws of demonstration. These I call Idols of the Theatre; because in my judgment all the received systems are but so many stage-plays, representing worlds of their own creation after an unreal and scenic fashion. Nor is it only of the systems now in vogue, or only of the ancient sects and philosophies, that I speak; for many more plays of the same kind may yet be composed and in like artificial manner set forth; seeing that errors the most widely different have nevertheless causes for the most part alike. Neither again do I mean this only of entire systems, but also of many principles and axioms in science, which by tradition, credulity, and negligence have come to be received.
But of these several kinds of Idols I must speak more largely and exactly, that the understanding may be duly cautioned.
XLV.
The human understanding is of its own nature prone to suppose the existence of more order and regularity in the world than it finds. And though there be many things in nature which are singular and unmatched, yet it devises for them parallels and conjugates and relatives which do not exist. Hence the fiction that all celestial bodies move in perfect circles; spirals and dragons being (except in name) utterly rejected. Hence too the element of Fire with its orb is brought in, to make up the square with the other three which the sense perceives. Hence also the ratio of density of the so-called elements is arbitrarily fixed at ten to one. And so on of other dreams. And these fancies affect not dogmas only, but simple notions also.
XLVI.
The human understanding when it has once adopted an opinion (either as being the received opinion or as being agreeable to itself) draws all things else to support and agree with it. And though there be a greater number and weight of instances to be found on the other side, yet these it either neglects and despises, or else by some distinction sets aside and rejects; in order that by this great and pernicious predetermination the authority of its for
Skies of bright blue
Seas of Emerald Green
All the colours of the rainbow in between
Blue and White upon their flag
Bright purple flowers on sandstone coloured walls
The sands are white and dark in places
The fields are green and brown in traces
The sun shines gold on the streets
The music plays a very light beat
People lounging on the sands
Goats free to run around
Markets in the mountains selling products homemade
Monastries look as though their falling down, needing to be saved
Cash is the currency,please don't offer card
Locals don't trust banks as to remove their cash can be very hard
Harbour renting boats out to Shipwreck Cove for the day
Put on your Captains Hat it's yours for the day
Or let someone else take you, let them take the strain
As you sit and sail basking in the sunshine admiring the blue caves
When you return to Port use the sun loungers, snorkel in the bay, the perfect end to another perfect day
Bars and restaurants and pubs all in a strip
Offering traditional food and drink, some offer Greek Music and Dancing with Fire
Some offer Sports on TV's at the bar
You can guarantee you won't need the car, 10 minutes walk from your Hotel and you will see a plethora of choice to satisfy your belly, whilst singing karaoke or watching the Tele
Whatever your choices, the Greek's love to welcome you and see you happy
So have fun drink lots, eat lots and be merry
I want to go to never land,
Love, will you be my Peter Pan?
Oh! Just imagine the adventures we'll have.
Let's fly away to never land today.
We'll never grow old; we'll never die.
Our love will never have to end.
We can sing with the mermaids in the lagoon,
Or we can fight pirates to keep the lost boys safe.
Let's meet Tinker bell,
Why not the Indians as well?
Oh love be my Peter Pan,
Come take me away.
Well create a secret place,
Somewhere no one can find us.
Let's lay out under the stars,
Dream and wish of our tomorrow.
Oh my love, let's find a place.
We'll make it ours,
And name it never land.
A place we can go to when we feel weak, scared, defeated.
A place where only we can find each other.
And if I need to get away, escape;
I'll message you to me me there,
In our place
depart from this world
start a crusade on my own
in my desired world of refuge
that no one else can join
they only look on
in a confused and ignorant state
i parade in a fantasy of adventure
i'm a pirate! and none of you can stop me!
the land is mine!
the sea! the wind!
off with impossibility; i win wars and battle thousands.
warrior to be reckoned with,
cunning and impeccable skills in rhetoric
they do not stand close to me
i am my own
but yet, i never was.
i live at ease with this
and continue on,
fighting
flying
smiling as the sunset swallows me up as i set forth across my noble steed;
my noble sea
my favourite place that never was,
but could someday be
And still the sea beckoned
washings its salty brine over my feet
trapping them for good
I would be the lighthouse
the beacon in the night
the light guiding shipwrecks to their watery graves below
And still the sea beckoned
grabbing me by the ankles
sucking me in its slimy pull
as I lay throbbing in fear
I would be the lighthouse
where the seagulls made their home
nesting in the port hole
watching for lost souls
And still the sea beckoned
wading out till the safety of the shore drops
leading me to the blue abyss
I am the lighthouse
the wife waiting for the fisherman
hoping his empty boat wont wash ashore
for if it did id hear the beckon and answer its call to swallow the tide
If I could write a poem of what Tedy means to me.
My heart and mind would venture on a voyage across the open sea. Adventurous pirates, Tedy and I would be, setting forth on an early morning dawn. Seagulls squawking to and fro.
Following us in any direction we may flow.
For we have no certain course set ablaze.
Following adventures the sunrise guiding our way.
Treasure we have found is having one another around
As we sail deeper into the open sea
The current becomes turbulent, thunder grumbles fear rises in him and though I may smile fear is also in me
Then Tedy reminds me
Papa tells him he needs to pray
for God the Father will give us endurance through all the crashing waves
Tedy and I begin to pray
As I say Amen
The sun breaks through the clouds again
We open our eyes and see ahead an Island awaits
As we approach the Island in excitement of the adventure we continue to create
"Tedy there may be a treasure awaiting we have never seen before"
Tedy's eyes open wide
as both of our imaginations soar
Then Tedy and I would jump off the raft and we would see, alas
Gramps and Papa cooking burgers on the grill
Which indeed a treasure
For our hungry tummies
Awaiting to be filled
A day of imagination with Granny can be
Quite an adventure
In the deep blue sea.
My joints ache and my back is broken.
My lips are parched and my throat is decaying come on and hydrate my being.
Because I know one thing is for sure -
Heaven and Hell both long for my soul,
and this dense and gyrating battle
exhausts me immensely.
My eyes are sore.
With one blink, the dawn returns to dusk
and the owls start to call out to each other
No sound of the morning songbird
or the church bells signaling the Seraphs to flight.
I am always in the night,
and always in transit with the nocturnal
Let us hold each other to sleep.
No liquor will drown the moon away.
Sense my brokenness and fill this empty vessel.
We are shipwrecks needing rescue.
Can it happen when you havent met him?
or can it happen just because you love every single thing about him?
maybe its because you're so much into the cliches of that love film
or it mgiht be because of his goodness? that fills your heart to the brim.
love is like the most powerful thing in this galaxy to me
love is something that isnt bling,but can know what others' cant see
love either keeps you up all night or keeps you dreaming in pure daylight,
love can make you go crazy with those lovely dreamily sights
you know that it might be either miles or worlds apart,
but you can always feel it in your heart
you talk to yourself,wondering what he might say in return
its his look towards like,thats the topmost thing you've to learn
he is a physics freak,while you love psychology
two people of quite an equal wavelength ,but with love's definition,have a quite a strange parallel methodology
you say'love happens when you know the person very well,respect him,admire him,love his nature and everything'
he feels ' you can only fall in love when you are cozy with the other person and no other thing'
Quite sad to know he feels the opposite
h has a wrong perception with love even after being so exquisite
it makes you wanna cry that you both wont become one
cause his condition for love;can never be done.
you talk to him for hours on text or phone
but as you say I gotta go,all of a sudden you feel so alone,
waitin' for your Mr.therapist to reply soon
your hear skips a beat when he calls you MOON ^_^
you know he is quitesorted,while you're a mess,
you think of him constantly so that you might cheat your brain thats in terrible stress
every single time you cry or feel like you just might
the first thing that pops up " he'll make it happen,then what to fright?"
knowing you guys wont see each other ever,
still you have that optimism that you will wait for that FOREVER
he is the man you never wished to have at all
not the sexiest ,not the cutest,but the best for sure, of all
that moment when you know from a third person
he kind of likes you,but just because you're TOO young,losing interest
makes you wanna serve treason. :(
But you want him to know,thats not fair and must get it straight
that your love would wait.
Because you wish him to fix it all for you,
and you'd love to fix him too.
when you talk,you dont know how time flies by,
leaving him makes you more to cry.
all his favorite movies and songs turn out to be your favorites
wanting him to keep in touch with you,becomes your mission like a pirate.
and it just feels like ,he was always with you on these long nights
in another city,he was right there,always right.
Some nights you cry casting on your bad luck,
some nights you wet your pillow telling yourself how does your fate suck.
expressing your love and affection to him in the mirror
your future sans him gets all very clearer
you want him to feel that there's a chance for god he gotta take
because you both can make this into something that can last,last forever.
You want him to cheer you up in all the good times and the bad,
as he was the best you never had..
( Sonnet )*
I once caught you naked by the sea,
No one noticed, such noble shyness,
Invited to lands, aloof as sun breeze,
Of purple sands, heathered highness.
In novae of your eyes was shipwreck,
Forlorn beacon chiding the weary lost
Of new worlds lumbered on the decks,
Seabirds caroled up wing, heavens' loft.
Skin, fleshy of netted eel, salt and foam,
Was hide for a brigand, lubbers sessions,
Sheered by sheen, blinding sky of gloam,
Stars runged on their draped processions.
Corals, sea wave, slips under moon dance;
My seal, now fated, cloak within jubilance.
I dream in trebles,
I dream in bass,
And also I dream,
Of a far,far-off place.
I dream in melodies,
I dream in chords,
And also I dream,
Of fairies and pirates swords.
I dream in a note,
I dream in a verse,
And also I dream,
Of a child's greatest curse.
Sometimes I think he did it to trick us
well-off, sizeably inflated kids
Searching for the answers to lust, larceny, and the churlish guilt we, "heaven's above"
don't know just what to do with
No don't teach your brats to equal with men like Kurt Cobain
The world, so delicately composed of the wretched, the free, the do-what-you-like-I'm-alright, Jacks,
And how narrowly we're sub-reconvened into 'arty type', 'incoherent bores',
'fakes, and lower-middle class nothings
Charmed and the entertained,
game-alterers &amp; ground-shakers
neurotic well meaning spinsters, self-made squillionaires, bricklayers, soothsayers, newsdesks and
shipwrecks
-
Fascinating to sit back &amp; get a niche in all of this
Pack animals and spastics alike don't get to play this hard to get
King for a day, jutting chin out from under umbrella,
where does your own sob story end?
Can you still recall
the days that passed when you were young..
playing pirates with wooden swords,
the adventure of a six years old
Hide and seek and climbing trees
those days when we're free..
Be smart inside the class,
or just a shy nobody
where you find friends
whom you thought that will last..
Life in slow motion
vivid color of days..
world on high speed,
every moments we chase
they're long gone..
Running on the streets all day
on summer days and month of May,
or sitting by the window
watching the rainfall
paperboat, coffe cups and matchstick flags
walkingon tiptoe
feeling the earth's warmth..
cheap marbles on sight
watch the kite takes its flight..
as it flew away, so high
it will be ok if we try..
You're all I think about
as my broken wings
bleed bright rubies.
As my blurred vision
drips sparkling diamonds.
And as my shredded soul
leaves me like pearls
taken from their place.
You're the pirate that
took the treasure from its place.
You're the thief that made
jewels appear before him.
You're the Pirate with Jewels.
Cutting razor
blade of life
Pointless, dull
existence knife
Sharpened by
the edge of strife
Won't somebody
save my life
From this wretched,
worthless knife
Buried in
my skin of strife
This sorrow stalks
its prey of life
And sets it teeth
of biting knife
Upon my flesh
to feast on strife
Vampiric in its
draining life
This empty, soulless,
cold-heart knife
Shall feel the warmth
of crimson strife
Until the streams
of dripping life
Release my grip
upon this knife
And rivers flow
in tranquil strife
See I know why
you've courted strife
I've tasted lips
of the sweet knife
Her tempting kiss
was my whole life
Through bloody tears
and sweaty strife
I've cried with every
lonely knife
That spends each day
so lost in life
Adrift at sea
shipwreck of strife
Beckoned by
beguiling knife
To drown in siren
songs of life
Through Odysseys
of epic strife
I forged a sword
to replace knife
Allowed this pen
to claim my life
An argonaut
against the strife
To tides of ink
I cast the knife
Now fight with me
write for your life
(Chiara continued,)
''It was based on the friendship between me and the mother.
I had done some business to multiply the wealth I had.
I had an illegitimate little son and rather
Than letting him be poor, I would make money, good or bad.''
(Francesca was surprised to find this terrible secret and questioned Chiara,)
'' Did my father know about this child? '' '' Of course he knew about him.''
''What's his name? '' '' His name is Gregorio.'' ''Where is his father? ''
'' I fell in love with a nobleman as a maid, '' her eyes grew dim,
''In his parents' house, I'd gotten pregnant; then, he asked his brother
(Chiara continued,)
To talk with their parents about our marriage, but they
Immediately arranged his marriage with a noble girl,
And I was fired; they hoped that my sighs would pass away
While giving me some land and money; my mind was in a whirl.
(Chiara continued,)
A wealthy farmer wanted to marry me, but I took
The money, and I ran to the town, '' ''What have you done there? ''
''I've worked as a laundrywoman. One day, in a wayside nook,
I've met a band of actors; I was hired to play and, my dear,
(Chiara continued,)
On another day, another nobleman asked me to be
His wife; I've married him, but I've lost him shortly after
The marriage; then, one thing remained above my fame and me.
''The money! '' ''The suffering! '' Then, she said, ''Oh, my dear daughter! ''
(Chiara embraced Francesca because Francesca started to cry.)
(Francesca said,)
''You were unlucky! You were more unfortunate than me.
''Why? '' '' For thou hast known some happiness and thou lost it.''
''I've tried to convince your father not to play; he didn't see
Love; that you were his whole family, he should admit.''
(Francesca replied,)
''He was aware of the relationships in the society,
But he was hardly able to understand the women.''
''He understood them, but he didn't believe them, in reality.''
'' Lucca had a positive influence on him; then,
(Francesca continued,)
Lucca tried to help him change his life while being so busy.''
''He was shocked when he was threatened by the pirates; '' ''He was
Very resigned; '' ''While lacking his pipe that made me dizzy.''
'' He was powerful, and he joked when he was nervous because
(Francesca continued,)
He wanted to be untouchable; he loved the things
Of value, which were rare and authentic; while appreciating
The arts he didn't want to be sensitized; '' ''when the heart sings,
Love sensitizes it; eccentric while depreciating
(Chiara continued,)
The limitations, he wanted to be your partner in life.''
''He had known that this trip carried a high risk, but he needed
This danger to control me; '' '' he protected you as a wife.
He was willing to pay for his life while being mistreated
(Chiara continued,)
And while thinking that the pirates wanted wealth; did you see
How did Quintus disappear? '' '' No! I appreciate that Lucca
Has not betrayed the state secrets; in death, he started to be
A hero needing the strength to block the sun as Garuda.''
(Chiara said,)
My first husband had been Italian, but your father
Has been Spanish and I was proud when he asked me to be
His wife; '' Francesca hugged her, '' I consider you a mother.
Rosa said that you're a witch, but you're like an angel to me.''
(Chiara said,)
''Rosa was able to play to the extreme for her happiness
While putting her victims in the other extreme; '' ''I think
You have a wrong impression about her; '' '' her rose of success
Withered quickly; her death was creepy upon her existence's brink.
(Francesca began to cry. Chiara said.)
''Rosa didn't help me when Bella fell into the water.
I didn't know that Bella could not swim. When that jellyfish
Attacked her, she clenched her hand so hard that I couldn't help her
Any longer'' '' Rosa helped me; if I could have one great wish
(Francesca continued,)
I would love to be instead of Bella; when Fargo and
Geraldine boarded the boat, you unbalanced and pushed me.
If Rosa hadn't kept me tight, I would have been in
Bella's place; '' Chiara exclaimed, '' So lucky how could you be?
(Chiara continued,)
How did you feel it? '' ''What do you mean? '' ''When you've painted that
Jellyfish; '' '' Yeah, it was like a premonition; maybe
We had to listen to Fargo; it wasn't good, '' ''What? ''
''To be exposed ashore; the pirates could see us; '' '' you know me! ''
(Chiara said that she hadn't known about the pirates' existence.)
(to be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
In days when wonders
wander toward the precipice
failing to be
even with the fervor
of a distant forgotten dream
what pirates, majestic
stood chanting, wondrously
by the quiet crackling
of a cold winter's fire
When motions toward resolution
seem solemn in their disgrace
who else is it to seek
but in the bitter end
all that was to become
an end again
Where from there then
and to what day
do the waters part
Is it even above the mind's eye
to dream
hastily in passing
as the mountains stand resolute
dancing in reverie
at the sight of a hand
brushing winds heartily
through motionless trees
In the end
it was what began then
and when it sang
those that came
led then believed
and as it was
so now shall they see
for ne'er again
in the end
will it stand there
then fail
to seek toward the bitterness
and all else
destined, charged, and condemned
to falter then end
Helen sat next to you
on the flat concrete roof
of the brick walled
bomb shelter
out the front
of Banks House
after school
she lifting
and lowering her legs
against the wall
her black battered shoes
making a dull thudding noise
and you sitting dead still
watching her white socks
go up and down
and she said
mum said
I couldnt bring
Battered Betty
because shed given her
a wash in the bath
you took in
her thick lens glasses
catching the late
afternoon sunlight
her hair in plaits
her hands placed flat
on either side of her legs
on the concrete roof
and as she spoke
about the doll
you thought about the boys
who said she smelt
of yesterdays dinners
or called her four eyes
but they were dumbshites
you thought
they didnt see
the beauty of her
the way her eyes sparkled
behind the lens
or how being next to her
kind of brightened up
the day
not that youd
tell them that
but you knew it
and they didnt
and she said
if you close your eyes
you can imagine
we are on a ship
at sea
the grass is the sea
and you said
we could be pirates
I have a sword
my old man made
from steel
and painted blue
and she looked at you
the sunlight blanking out
her eyes and her lips
still speaking
saying things
her words shaped
like diamonds
and she closed her eyes
and so did you
and she put her hand
on yours
and in the darkness
it seemed warm
and smooth
and she said softly
you can save me
from the bad pirates
the ones with eye patches
and black scarves
and scary faces
and you said
yes I could cut them
all down and not miss
and she said
yes and I could be saved
and could give you a kiss
and the ship sailed on
in the dark
behind the eyes
in a world made wonderful
where you could be
8 year old lovers
where no one betrays
and no one dies.
In calm waves of imaginingsI am mermaid,
Always chasing you through the towering tides,
Disappearing between each scalloped crest;
Only my tail visible, sticking out at odd angles.
I have lean, strong swimmer's muscles; I can swim for miles,
Nearly keep up with submarines, ships, ferrys,
For a limited time. My hair tumbles down
As though a nest, like dirty, twisted seaweed
Around my faces shipwreck-glass eyes
And sunscald lips.
I follow keenly the scent;
Something, someone whos precious- human scent,
Pungent, earthy, vivifyingly attractive,
Counterpoint to the oceans ambergris.
Meanwhile theres only horizons of teal water all around me,
And roving sky above; my sole company most days.
I swim with just the barest hint
Of whispered memories,
Something so far and long ago;
He who knew well the secret heart of me,
Within my fishy innards
Andin spite of my appearance.
Sometimes a stray dolphin befriends me,
And travels for a distance beside me;
Speaking in strange, native high-pitched dolphin talk;
And dolphins are interesting, but they are not men,
And they cant comprehend what is it I follow
In the blind, long-aching of unknown distance,
Or what I pine for nightly, in my roiling watery soul
In the solitary caves, of this twilight world.
shattered dreams
American nightmare
ghoulishly stalking mankind
Bilderberg extremists
owl effigy looming
behind the all seeing
eye of rah
multi-national tycoons
inspire blooming death
radiated waters flush with fluoride
filter through sippy-cups
washing away the taste
of vaccinations
and GMO soy
mutated masses mumble monotonously
meager motor skills
meandering through melted meadows
masochistic in the macabre
moonless morning breaks
trails checkerboard the sky
cubism
from air force fly-boys
under orders to implement agenda 21
disguised as protection
from solar radiation
old soil toils under the strain of oil based
pesticides
and molecularly altered
food crops
for profit
and to experience the long lost joy
associated with being a swashbuckling pirate
the image you make of me
is your own reflection
i am not your mirror
nor am i yours
every lash that you inflicted
was only a fragment of what you deserve
you are wretched
and it is not a solitary presumption
you wonder at your isolation
but i know it is in your making of webs
easily thread, but easily torn down
you are viewed for your fabrication
stretched across a dim reality
along with your people
i see them
in your land of fantasy
a boy's adventure, not fit for a man
it's time to grow up, Peter
the world is not full of pirates
save for the ones that you create
this is not a childhood fantasy
you are not a victim to the world
you're unbelievable
and that's not saying much
I have a hole in my life where my love should be.
Every time I meet someone they take from me when they leave.
Im beginning to become fragile.
Had I known love would be this violent,
I never wouldve allowed my vessel to enter this war.
Too much has been lost building memories with the enemy and there is no way to return from the heartbreak of defeat.
Im not weak, just broken.
My sails are tattered and weary,
the cannon in my chest was once able to fire at will but now its battered condition has rendered it almost useless because its so heavily guarded.
The darkness that surrounds my heart is a protector of sorts,
its a heavy blanket of fog that keeps me hidden from the sadness in the world. Its a reminder of the blood that was shed when I went to battle with her;
its the cover I need to rebuild the hull and set sail to reclaim the depths of the oceans that belong to me.
I Captain this ship and I will not be overthrown by the hands of women and I will not be defeated by those who betrayed me!
I refuse to drown in sorrow,
searching for treasures and trinkets that can only be found on a map that no man can read.
Ive taken heavy fire but I will not surrender.
My ears will not burn by the cry of a sirens song.
I was sentenced to a life of moving through galaxies of resentment,
cursed to bear the punishment for crimes committed by those who came before me.
I will not be punished for another mans sin.
I will no longer give in to temptations set in the figure of a dishonorable woman.
Evils will no longer forsake me.
I shall never falter.
Fall, fell today
like a ton, of bricks
grass is dormant on the lawn
trees loosing, leaves, and sticks
Pumpkins in the grocery stores
to be murdered by children and adults
making jack-o-lanterns
with a mix of, good and bad, results
Choosing costumes and masks
for that special night out on the town
werewolves, pirates, and vampires
at my front door, will be found
The air is turning cooler
I love this time of year
fresh brisk breeze fore Winter
and Octoberfests, and beer
Hey. I heard about this country we could visit.
Would you go, if it was with me?
Well what if I told you it was a bird country, and everything was made of feathers.
Yeah, ocean and desert colours, soft and sleek and it glimmers like a dream.
Songs? Yeah, its full of em. In all resonances and all keys, some of them mimic but most of them are original pieces.
So, would you go with me?
Why?
Oh, Im just bored I guess, just feeling stale I guess, just feeling like theres something out there I want to see.
(I dont say that I want to see it with you).
Oh, you mean, why with you.
Well
When we were in the park the other week you stopped to talk to that guy with a sulphur crested cockatoo on his shoulder and you smiled when it bopped its head when you said its name  Larry, wasnt it?
And you laughed for the longest time after we invented an adventure history for him and the bird.
That he was a pirate sailing the oceans to gather the gold and jewels to win the hand of his beloved.
The bird sniffed the air and pointed towards islands of treasure and scratched maps onto the deck of the ship.
He was only in Sydney  we saw this by the harbour, didn't we? - Because his ship needed to restock.
It would be one of those old school wooden ones and itd look real quaint and beautiful next to the metal ferries swooping in and out of Circular Quay, next to the titan cruise ships that take up half the harbour.
Remember that?
(If I thought it would work, Id sail ships and become a jewel thief for you)
Oh, no, no baggage limit  bring all the poetry you want. They give paper for free on the plane, even.
We can buy seeds at the duty free. No, Not sure about pens. Im bringing my ink set anyway.
Haha, yeah, I still calligraphy faces for people whove lost theirs.
(I could draw a book of you, though you dont need it)
Its a week round about trip.
Just us two, and animals that fly to and from our hands.
We can take bicycles and skate around the island and climb the dead volcano where gigantic nests hold eggs in warm rocking slumber.
(Perhaps we can be each others volcanoes and warm each other)
Oh, its casual, dont bring your moleskines, just your two dollar notebooks. Weather will be light, so not more than a hundred pages.
So, does this mean youll come with me?
Ink inside my skin
I carry the burden;
Skull and Cross Bones,
I never imagined.
The flag of a Pirate
Would claim me
For those among us who lived by the rules,
Lived frugal lives of pubis-scratching desperation;
For those who sustained a zombie-like state for 30 or 40 years,
For these few, our lucky few
We bequeath an interactive Life-Alert emergency dog tag,
Or better still a dog, a colossal pet beast,
A humongous Harlequin Dane to feed,
For that matter, why not buy a few new cars before you die?
Your home mortgage is, after all, dead and buried.
We gave you senior-citizen rates for water, gas &amp; electricity
The Big 3, as they are known in certain Gasoline Alley-retro
Neighborhoods among us,
Our parishes and boroughs.
All this and more, had you lived small,
Had you played by the rules for Smurfs &amp; Serfs.
We leave you the chance to treat your grandkids
Like Santas A-List clientele,
Good ol Grampa, theyll recollect fondly,
Sweet Grammy Strunzo, they will sigh.
What more could you want in retirement?
Youve enabled another generation of deadbeat grandparents,
And now youre next in line for the ice floe,
To be taken away while still alive,
Still hunched over and wheezing,
On a midnight sleigh ride,
Your son, pulling the proverbial Eskimo sled,
Down to some random Arctic shore,
Placing you gently on the ice floe.
Your son; your boy--
A true chip off the igloo, so to speak.
He leaves you on the ice floe,
Remembering not to leave the sled,
The proverbial Sled of Abbandono,
The one never left behind,
As it would be needed again,
Why not a home in storage while we wait?
The family will surely need it sometime down the line.
A dignified death?
Who can afford one these days?
The question answers itself:
You are John Goodman in The Big Lebowski.
You opt for an empty 2-lb can of Folgers.
You know: "The best part of waking up, is Folger's in your cup!"
That useless mnemonic taught us by Mad Men.
Slogans and theme songs imbibe us.
Zombie accouterments,
Provided by Americas Ruling Class.
Thank you Lewis H. Lapham for giving it to us straight.
Why not go with the aluminum Folgers can?
Rather than spend the $300.00 that mook funeral director
Tries to shame you into coughing up,
For the economy-class Legacy Urn.
An old seduction:Madison Avenues Gift of Shame.
Does your twat smell? asks a sultry voice,
Igniting a carpet bomb across the 20-45 female cohort,
2 billion pathetically insecure women,
Spending collectively $10 billion each year
Still a lot of money, unless its a 2013
Variation on an early 1930s Germany theme;
The future weve created;
The future we deserve.
Now a wheelbarrow load of paper currency,
Scarcely buy a loaf of bread.
Even if youre lucky enough to make it,
Back to your cave alive,
After shopping to survive.
Women spend $10 billion a year for worry-free twats.
I dont read The Wall Street Journal either,
But Im pretty damn sure,
That The Feminine Hygiene Division
Continues to hold a corner office, at
Fear of Shame Corporate Headquarters.
Eventually, FDS will go the way of the weekly douche.
Meanwhile, in God &amp; vaginal deodorant we trust,
Something you buy just to make sure,
Just in case the Sex Gods send you a gift.
Some 30-year old fuck buddy,
Some linguistically gifted man or woman,
Some he or she who actually enjoys eating your junk:
Oh Woman, thy name is frailty.
Oh Man, thou art a Woman.
Oh Art is for Carney in Harry &amp; Tonto,
Popping the question: Dignity in Old Age?
Will it too, go the way of the weekly douche?
It is pointless to speculate.
Mouthwash--Roll-on antiperspirants--Depends.
Things our primitive ancestors did without,
Playing it safe on the dry savannah,
Where the last 3 drops evaporate in an instant,
Rather than go down your pants,
No matter how much you wiggle &amp; dance.
Think about it!
Think cemeteries, my Geezer friends.
Of course, your first thought is
How nice it would be, laid to rest
In the Poets Corner at Westminster Abbey.
Born a virgin. Died a virgin. Laid in the grave?
Or Pre Lachaise,
Within a stones throw of Jim Morrison--
Lying impudently,
Embraced, held close by loving soil,
Caressed, held close by a Jack Daniels-laced mud pie.
Or, with Ulysses S. Grant, giving new life to the quandary:
Who else is buried in the freaking tomb?
Bury my heart with Abraham in Springfield.
Enshrine my body in the Taj Mahal,
Build for me a pyramid, says Busta Cheops.
Something simple, perhaps, like yourself.
Or, like our old partner in crime:
Lee Harvey, in death, achieving the soul of brevity,
Like Cher and Madonna a one-name celebrity,
A simple yet obscure grave stone carving:OSWALD.
Perhaps a burial at sea? All the old salts like to go there.
Your corpse wrapped in white duct/duck tape,
Still frozen after months of West Pac naval maneuvers,
The CO complying with the Department of the Navy Operations Manual,
Offering this service on  An operations-permitting basis,
About as much latitude given any would-be Ahab,
Shortlisted for Command-at-sea.
So your body is literally frozen stiff,
Frozen solid for six months packed,
Spooned between 50-lb sacks of green beans &amp; carrots.
Deep down in the deep freeze,
Within the Deep Freeze :
The ships storekeeper has a cryogenic wet dream
Deep down in his private sanctuary,
Privacy in the bowels of the ship.
While up on deck you slide smoothly down the pine plank,
Old Glory billowing in the sea breeze,
Emptying you out into the great abyss of
Some random forlorn ocean.
Perhaps you are a fucking lunatic?
Maybe you likeeShut the fuck up, Queequeg !
Perhaps you want a variation on the burial-at-sea option ?
Heres mine, as presently set down in print,
Lawyer-prepared, notarized and filed at the Court of the Grand Vizier,
Copies of same in safe deposit boxes,
One of many benefits Chase offers free to disabled Vets,
Demonstrating, again, my zombie-like allegiance to the rules.
But I digress.
The true measure of ones life
Said most often by those we leave behind,
Is the wealthif anywe leave behind.
The fact that we cling to bank accounts,
Bank safe deposit boxes,
Legal aide &amp; real estate,
Insurance, and/or cash . . .
Just emphasizes the foregone conclusion,
For those who followed the rules.
Those of us living frugally,
Sustaining the zombie trance all these years.
You can jazz it upgo ahead, call it your  Work Ethic.
But you might want to hesitate before you celebrate
Your unimpeachable character &amp; patriotism.
What is the root of Max Webers WORK ETHIC concept?
Tis ones grossly misplaced, misguided, &amp; misspent neurosis.
Unmasked, shown vulnerably pink &amp; naked, at last.
Truth is: The harder we work, the more we lay bare
The Third World Hunger in our souls.
But again, I digress.Variation on a Theme :
At death my body is quick-frozen.
Then dismembered, then ground down
To the consistency of water-injected hamburger,
Meat further frozen and Fedex-ed to San Diego,
Home of our beloved Pacific Fleet.
Stowed in a floating Deep Freeze where glazed storekeepers
Sate the lecherous Commissary Officer,
Aboard some soon-to-be underway
Underway: The Only Way
Echo the Old Salts, a moribund Greek Chorus
Goofing still on the burial-at-sea concept.
Underway to that sacred specific spot,
Let's call it The Golden Shellback,
Where the Equator intersects,
Crosses perpendicular,
The International Dateline,
Where my defrosted corpse nuggets,
Are now sprinkled over the sea,
While Ray Charles sings his snarky
Child Support &amp; Alimony
His voice blasting out the 1MC,
Shes eating steak.Im eating baloney.
Ray is the voice of disgruntlement,
Palpable and snide in the trade winds,
Perhaps the lost chord everyone has been looking for:
Laughing till we cry at ourselves,
Our small corpse kernels, chum for sharks.
In a nutshellbeing the crazy fuck youve come to love-
Chop me up and feed me to the Orcas,
Just do it ! NIKE!
Thats right, a $commercial right in the middle of a fucking poem!
Do it where the Equator crosses the Dateline :
A sailors sacred vortex: isnt it ?
Wouldnt you say, Shipmates, one and all?
Im talking Conrads Marlow, here, man!
Call me Ishmael or Queequeg.
Thor Heyerdahl or Tristan Jones,
Bogarts Queeq &amp; Ensign Pulver,
Wayward sailors, one and all.
And me, of course, aboard the one ride I could not miss,
Even if it means my Amusement Park pass expires.
Ceremony at sea ?
Absolutely vital, I suppose,
Given the monotony and routine,
Of the ships relentlessly vacant seascape.
There is nothing so desperately monotonous as the sea,
And I no longer wonder at the cruelty of pirates.
So said James Russell Lowell,
One of the so-called Fireside Poets,
With Longfellow and Bryant,
Whittier, the Quaker and Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.,
19th Century American hipsters, one and all.
Then theres CREMATION,
A low-cost option unavailable to practicing Jews.
Ashes to ashes remains its simplest definition.
LOW-COST remains its operant phrase &amp; universal appeal.
No Deed to a 2by6by6 foot plot of real estate,
Paid for in advance for perpetuity
Although I suggest reading the fine print
Our grass--once maintained by Japanese gardeners--
Now a lost art in Southern California,
Now that little Tokyo's finest no longer
Cut, edge &amp; manicure, transform our lawns
Into a Bonsai ornamental wonderland.
Today illegal/legal Mexicans employing
More of a subtropical slash &amp; burn technique.
Cremation : no chunk of marble,
No sandstone, wood or cardboard marker,
Plus the cost of engraving and site installation.
Quoth the children: "Fuck, youre talking $30K to
Put the old bugger in the ground? Cheap fuck never
Gave me $30K for college, let alone a house down payment.
Whats my low-cost, legitimate disposal going to run me?"
CREMATION : they burn your corpse in Auschwitz ovens.
You are reduced to a few pounds of cigar ash.
Now the funeral industry catches you with your dick out.
You must (1) pay to have your ashes stored,
Or (2) take them away in a gilded crate that,
Again, you must pay for.
So you slide into Walter Sobjak,
The Dudes principal amigo,
And bowling partner in the
Brothers Coen masterpiece: The Big Lebowski.
You head to the nearest Safeway for a 2-lb can of Folgers.
And while were on the subject of cremation &amp; the Jews,
Think for a moment on the horror of The Holocaust:
Dispossessed &amp; utterly destroyed, one last indignity:
Corpses disposed of by cremation,
For Jews, an utterly unacceptable burial rite.
Now before we leave Mr. Sobjak,
Who is, as you know, a deeply disturbed Vietnam vet,
Who settles bowling alley protocol disputations,
By brandishing, by threatening the weak-minded,
With a loaded piece, the same piece John Turturro
Stealing the movie as usual, this time as Jesus Quintana
Bragging how he will stick it up Walters culo,
Pulling the trigger until it goes: Click-Click-Click!
Terrestrial burial or cremation?
For me:Burial at Sea:
Slice me, dice me into shark food.
Or maybe something a la Werner von Braun:
Your dead meat shot out into space;
A personal space probe &amp; voyager,
A trajectory of ones own choosing?
Oh hell, why not skip right down to the nitty gritty bottom line?
Current technology: to wit, your entire life record,
Your body and history digitized &amp; downloaded
To a Zip Drive the size of the average clitoris,
A data disc then Fedex-ed anywhere in the galaxy,
Including exotic burial alternatives,
Like some Martian Kilimanjaro,
Where the tiger stalks above the clouds,
Nary a one with a freaking clue that can explain
Just what the cat was doing up so high in the first place.
Or, better still, inside a Sherpas fanny pack,
A pocket imbued with the same Yak dung,
Tenzing Norgay massages daily into his nut sack,
Defending the Free World against Communism &amp; crotch rot.
(Forgive me: I am a child of the Cold War.)
Why not? Your life &amp; death moments
Zapped into a Zip Drive, bytes and bits,
Submicroscopic and sublime.
So easy to delete, should your genetic subgroup
Be targeted for elimination.
About now you begin to realize that
A two-pound aluminum Folgers can
Is not such a bad idea.
No matter; the future is unpersons,
The Ministry of Information will in charge.
The People of Fort Meade--those wacky surveillance folks--
Cloistered in the rolling hills of Anne Arundel County.
Thats who will be calling the shots,
Picking the spots from now on.
Welcome to Cyber Command.
Say hello to Big Brother.
Say GOOD-BYE PRIVACY.
Meanwhile, youre spending most of your time
Fretting bout your last rites--if any
Burial plots on land and sea, &amp; other options,
Such as whether or not to go with the
Concrete outer casket,
Whether or not you prefer a Joe Cocker,
Leon Russell or Ray Charles 3-D hologram
Singing at your memorial service.
While I am fish food for the Golden Shellbacks,
I am a fine young son of Neptune,
We are Old Salts, one and all,
Buried or burned or shot into space odysseys,
Or digitized on a data disc the size of
An average human clitoris.
Snap outta it, Einstein!
Like everyone else,
Youve been fooled again.
Yes I jumped in those leaves
crunchy, fluffy, autumn leaves
Waded in the decorative fountain
Climbed on the public art
Yes I danced swing in the BART station
Hid in the grocery store among rolls of
toilet paper
Had to bum a ride after the Dicken's faire
Played in the rain
Hugged my mother
Made my dad take me to see Tangled in 3D
Yes I measured the baking soda for those
dinosaur chocolate chip cookies
Loved Steve Irwin will all my childhood admiration
Was afraid of the Deep End
Memorized Shel Silverstein
Remember my sister reading me Harry Potter
Gripping my best friend on Tower of Terror, Indiana Jones, Space Mountain
Sang Christmas Carols in October
And I'm not even sorry
I was a pirate paleontologist pop-star
pokemon master steampunk rocker renaissance girl who
time-traveled, hunting T-rex
adventuring with Christopher Robin, Calvin and Hobbes
Made two corsages for my junior prom, fed ducks,
ate at Mels, posed in the dollar store, watched
the Avengers in our glittering dresses for the second
Laughed so hard I cried about the stupidest things
I doubted, got lost in Costco, found my faith
Had my prayers answered
For the bestest, most faithful friends
I have the "simple human relief of knowing youve done wrong, and living through it"
And don't take this the wrong way
It's not like I'm going to jump off a bridge
Well, maybe with a bungee cord?
But if I died right now
Poof! Gone.
I wouldn't say I envied anybody
Not really
We've had a pretty darn great time
haven't we?
Oh sure I'd protest
Places to go, people to see, things to eat, but...
As long as You forgive me
my faults
Whose to say,
There is anything else I HAVE to do
Before I have lived a GREAT life
I have nothing to prove
besides that I am grateful
for this breath of life
which may pass at any moment
Long John fits the bill
and
has his fill
of rum.
On the run with the tide that turned,
the
sails they are a rising,
Blind Pew
who can see bugger all
decides to put his eyes in.
It's a life and a half before the
quarter mast
with the sea spray in our faces,
a Pirate dream is what we are
off to far flung foreign places
and underneath the quarter deck
swinging by a rope around his neck
is
the last of the last from a time
that has passed and the last of those
who swung before
his
curses drowned out by the oceanic
roar.
A skull and bones
a flag
no homes,
but the deep of the
deep blue sea
calls constantly
to me.
fifteen minutes or so
the pilot lumbers out from the ladies room
she weighs as much as our cessna.
perhaps now she's lighter.
she grunts into the cockpit
and ensures her girth has not switched on or off
any vital instruments.
safety is our number one concern.
i've been more confident in lawnmower engines.
this rumbled like rapture.
i shook, but so did everything else.
we flew like a mallard
over lakes and forest.
we saw a shipwreck that now hosts
families for lunch.
as well as a few baseball fields.
the air was a force.
it asserted it self, to be certain.
i sensed its angst.
it translated thoroughly.
she rambled on
it was her tenth flight today.
i looked behind,
my love was green.
I went to watch tennis
with Fay
on the South Bank
by the Thames
(amateurs but good)
we sat in the stands
it was warm
the sun was out
in the sky
like a big boy
showing its muscles
I shouldn't be here really
Fay said
I should be home
studying the letters
of St Paul
Daddy wants me
to know them by heart
why's that
why learn them
by heart?
he said
the nuns at school said
I don't seem
to know them
that well
do you?
I thought I did
but he thinks not
she said
we watched the players
and the tennis ball
going left to right
I only learn by heart
what I like
my old man tests me
sometimes on
who was in what film
because he's
a film buff
but he don't worry none
if I don't know
and I usually don't
or I pretend I don't
because I'm too lazy
to tell him
o you are naughty
she said
my father wants me
to know things
wants me to know
the Pater Noster in Latin
Pater Noster?
What the heck is that
when it's at home?
it's the Lord's Prayer
but in Latin
o that
I know that mainly
because we have it
day after day in assembly
at school
I said
we do too
but in Latin
she said
there was cheering
from those around us
as a player
won his match
and we clapped too
even though we'd not
been watching
that closely
fancy ice cream?
I asked
sure that'd be nice
she said
so we walked along
the South Bank
to some guy in white
who was selling some
from an ice cream van
and bought two
and stood by the Thames
and watched
the water and boats
and such passing
us by
she reciting
the Pater Noster in Latin
I thinking
of pirate ships
at sea
which were
really tug boats
below me.
There is a story of the beach that's been told
Of shipwrecks and pirates and their booty of gold
Of devils and angels and souls that were sold
For the location that's hiding the treasure so old
During the day, the beach is quite full
Of tourists and locals and such
But, when the sun's going down
The locals don't go there so much
Most nights in movies there's groups at the beach
Singing songs round a large burning fire
But, this beach is different, no one goes there
Cross my heart, you can call me a liar
Out at the end of the breakers and rocks
Is a graveyard of old pirate ship hulls
Divers have checked them and nothing was found
Now they're home to just crayfish and gulls
The story is told of the pirate....Muldoon
And the treasure buried round in these parts
It's protected by witchcraft and devilish lore
And is covered by ten pirates hearts
They say that Muldoon took down ships by the score
From Jamaica on up to Gaspe
But whatever he took, no one knows where he left
his treasure from then to this day
His ghost it is said, roams the dunes in the night
His wailing is heard near the sea
Folks don't stick around when the day is done
There's nary a soul there to see
Muldoon was a man with a penchant for gold
He made deals with the devil as well
Witches have said that the last deal he made
Let him take all his booty to hell
Pirates and Ghosts and Witches and ships
These are tales that will play on your mind
But for all that he took, and through all the years past
Not one single dubloon will ye find
From cradle to grave the folks in these parts
Know the story of the Pirate Muldoon
The tree where he died still stands by the shore
Glowing bright when there is a blood moon
The word is that he, was hung from the tree
And Muldoon cursed the beach as he dropped
He said that his gold would never be found
Though the searching never has stopped
Fires go out, and the wind whips his cry
Is it Muldoon or just tricks of the air
It doesn't much matter, for no one will know
Because at night, there is nobody there
Muldoon walks the beach with his leg made of wood
Guarding treasure, of jewellery and gold
He will stay there forever, for it will not be found
This I say, being ever so bold
If you should find yourself down at the beach
And the sun starts to set in the west
You'd best make a move and get home where it's safe
Or meet Muldoon who is guarding his chest.
Without you is without the sun
And the moon isn't there
To watch me in the night,
Without you is unbearably strange
Like a fallen arm
An empty rage,
Without you is heartless and odd
Sinking in bed
Stranded thought,
Without you my poems rhyme
Aren't the same
And the smell of your hair...
...the touch of our lips,
Our first kiss in the car
The endless nights awake
With your love.
My name is Caspar Benson. I live in London, England and I have just turned fifteen. I am not here to relieve myself to you as one would a biography, I only invest a small portion of myself and the reason is so that I may get an answer to my own most unorthodox problems.
I am possessed with the uncanny tenure of seeing dead people. Even in the most tranquil of surroundings it seems that I play host to a whole plethora of ghostly incantation. They frequent my company at the most in-opurtune moments and can be overbearing and troublesome to say the least. I wonder if you might think of this as a gift from God? Could it be a holy career prospect, am I the gate keeper for representing those whom have passed a voice in the real world? Well, I hope not.
Is it by coincidence that I am named Caspar? Did my parents know something that I didn't or can I place the choice of this moniker down to simply bad taste. Caspar. That friendly ball of cotton wool that floats before unreal characters, the laughable entity that is the comical outlook of death.
Do you see a representation of a ghost as perhaps Spielberg might?
I see a very different picture. Not the allure of my friendly name-sake but a portrait of death in a more repugnant tone: Ghoulish, abhorrent and uncensored. They sport no cosmetic improvement or Hollywood make-up artist to embellish their looks. As they died, they stand before me.
I often heard voices and have learnt well not to mention these facts for fear of being presented (at regular intervals) to the psychiatrists office. Indeed this was more than enough to secure my silence.
Can you imagine, the small frightened child lying in bed at night listening to footsteps crossing my bedroom floor, uninvited whispers in the darkness or maybe just the shock of objects levitating around my room? It is perhaps more surprising that I am not shackled in a straight jacket or left to bound around a padded cell. The torture of having to bare this without being able to confide it for want of being treated like a nut case is far from God given.
My first actual glimpse of these ethereal beings came on my tenth birthday. I was rather enjoying my party and as I was obliged to blow out the ten candles that adorned the top of my cake. This was witnessed by my parents, a few school friends and a whole host of paranormal gate-crashers. I also had the company of a rather newly departed couple who had apparently ended their days under the wheels of a drunk drivers vehicle. All in all though I think that I handled the task quite well considering. It wasn't actually a blowing out of the flames on the candles, it was more like a tsunami of vomit that extinguished them. This didn't go down very well with my parents or school chums, although I do believe their were a few spiritual sniggers in the background.
I have since learned to curb my initial reactions to these visitations to a more admirable and controlled response. Let us just say that the day was a problematic one and leave it at that. Although I did get to have a lovely chat with the impending nut doctor but thought better than to tell her the real story.
I have heard the most unusual and explicit conversations, stuff that would excite any budding writer of horror and gore but I had never actually conversed with any of my unearthly visitors. In the early days I was only privy to hearing them and I believe that I have felt them as they have careered past me and on many occasion through me but I have not had a proper dialogue. That is until now.
I had never heard of the term Spirit Guide until recently, I didn't actually know what one was but I do now. I have read (mainly from Google) about them and everyone one on the planet seems to be an expert except me, although now I know that they mostly all spinning a yarn for gullible persons to believe. I was never overwhelmed by a Navajo Indian nor a Swashbuckling Pirate guide and I definitely never swooned around in a spiralling stupor.
No! She just casually approached me and said hello. It took me some time to actually realise that she was dead and something I found very hard to digest. However this actuality was helped along enormously, when just to prove a point she disappeared in front of me and materialised instantly behind me. Without a doubt the most surreal confab I have ever experienced.
Her name is Gloria, she is seventeen, or perhaps I should say she was seventeen at the time of her death but apart from the fact that she is deceased, she is the most stunning girl I have ever met. No greyish ghostly apparition, just a fun and loving corpse to be around.
Over the past few months we have become very close in fact I would use the words love as a most positive account of the feelings we have for each other. When we touch, yes we can touch and we have on very consistent occasions. Our relationship has at time been one of an intimate nature. I am not afraid to say that I love a spook and she is without a doubt my special spectre. The fact that no-one else can see her is a nothing to me but I have had to refrain from holding her hand or cuddling her in company. I do get some of the strangest looks from people, I suppose one can understand this. We have discussed this and at time it makes sense that I should pretend that she isn't there but it kills me to have to ignore her. It doesn't do to talk to an invisible being with your parents or friends present believe me.
The dilemma we had was where do we go from here? It isn't something one can really ask about is it? I do not know about any Agony Aunt column that would really be applicable in this instance. I wonder what the reply would be if I did confide in my mother or father. I do believe it would be an Institution for me and perhaps a Exorcist for her. Many young couples can have many troubles with loving someone within the wrong ethnicity or religious persuasion although I have never heard say of any difficulty that portrays the one we are suffering from.
The only option I have it seems for a happy life with my beloved is death, not a nasty death though I want to be in the same physical shape as I was when I lived. Blades leave scars so poison was the way to go. As my life ebbs away I know my folks will think that I died alone but my Gloria is with me every step of the way and it is in her arms that I lay, dead to the world but more alive in my demise than I ever was in my short lifetime.
While others get old and infirm and eventually laid to rest, we will still be young and in love.
People are walking down the street,
during the final apocalypse ,
radios on their big feet,
the jails are empty and all stripped,
and Micheal Moore might call it,
republicans old warship.
It's all our fault we built a world on ideas of ownership.
As the world sat there dying,
the remorseful dragon was bled,
and the leaches are all crying,
their brothers are all dead,
and I know though my silver spoon shines,
in the moonlight it turns to lead,
I sat there on the mountaintop and watched tom thumb break his leg.
The popular trend is collapsing,
the pirates are heroes too,
the tree now is alive and clapping,
what were once lies are now all true,
but ages pass and still we know ,
that every day is just a clue,
I ran across the border along with Napoleons entire crew.
The glass coffin it has a leak,
snow white is looking for love,
but all that people want is a peak,
and all she gets is mud,
behind her sunken eyes we can see,
a dam that will soon flood,
she kept it hidden long enough to water every shrub.
Everyone you knew has been abandoned,
They didn't last long on their own,
the prizes they always branded,
are gone its like they never were owned,
and even when the memory returns,
they'll just be a name on a stone.
And the people worth more than others are now just dirt and dirt alone.
Gandhi was walking his rat,
and he handed him a flower,
he said there you go Mr. diplomat,
but don't get drunk with the power,
and even with all of the things he yelled ,
the rat jumped off of the tower.
And we are now left to determine what to do in our last hour.
The virgin was again, alone,
with the memories of his father,
who was famous for many different tones,
he played while on his swather,
and he knows deep down he killed his pa,
there no excuse for hes a doctor,
and know he has to be punished so he kidnapped his own toddler.
The sideshows are all empty,
the freaks have all gone home,
the first to die are the the yetis,
the first to live are made from foam,
we remember this but forget the rest,
if we must we will build catacombs,
but be careful if you don't comply with them they'll take you up into their domes.
The last night we spoke it felt like the birds would never chirp again,
The love lost silence after each sentence was what I picture the inside of a black hole to be.
You closed your eyes and cradled your head,
Sunken and broken,
We sat on the edge of our shipwreck at the bottom of an endless ocean,
I couldnt patch the dams with my words,
The cracks were abundant.
Today I visit the iceberg we hit,
It is still mountainous,
And I am still not ready to tackle the climb.
I needeth to feeleth
Her tongue and kiss
The secretion saliva slowly hit
And maketh me shake
And beg for more
Whispering softly,
MI AMOUR'
Whilst locking finger's
Ourn Palm's get sweaty
Trapped in the moment
Cuddling hungry
Whilst feet do touch
Nude by choice
To stroke her hair
Her quiet angel voice
To scratch her skin
With mine own nails
To feel the drench
Of ourn own tale
To see the moonlight
In her eyes
No thoughts of death
Nor suicide
I'll taketh the ride
Into her soul
Wherein were one
Eachother's home
In ourn own globe
Ourn little world
A little boy
One little girl
I'll giveth her pearls
And diamonds to
Just to say
A love so true
Yet loves not money
Or pirate loot
For she's mine treasure
Of heavenly pursuit....
( Sonnet )*
I once caught you naked by the sea,
No one noticed, such noble shyness,
Invited to worlds, aloof as sun breeze,
Of purple sands, heathered highness.
In novae of your eyes was shipwreck,
Forlorn beacon chiding the weary lost
Of new worlds lumbered on the decks,
Seabirds caroled up wing, heavens' loft.
Skin, fleshy of netted eel, salt and foam,
Was hide for a brigand, lubbers sessions,
Sheered by sheen, blinding sky of gloam,
Stars runged on their draped processions.
My seal, now fate, cloak within jubilance;
Coral sea wave, slips under moon dance.
Your jagged eyes
hard
against the shorelines
earth and wind,
there are rocks and driftwood,
shipwrecks.
Morning is just
a pill,
evening, a drink
you drown in,
you always said you
wouldnt go down
with the ship
When a wave of sadness, the tides of hopelessness, thunder of my regrets and a loud sound reminding me of my mistakes.
A storm is about to happen and I feel myself getting sea sick.
As always, I hope to survive another hurricane where all my flaws and insecurities collide all at once.
I am sailing through the ocean,where my destination is finding genuine love and happiness. A place where it may not even exist. I am like a pirate looking for treasure throughout all these years, only to find out that there was no treasure to begin with in the first place.
I sense the disappointment all around me on the sea shore and I swear my tears is as deep as the ocean. And if you ever get to swim through it, you might see my tragic past and sorrows. It remains floating on the ocean waiting for it to wash over me.
swashbuckling kittens wallpaper -- cutlasses, eyepatches, royal blue bandanas --
lined the walls of the kitchen.
"you love it, don't you?" Mathilda asked. she poured me a glass of almond milk.
and I could drink almond milk with a lesbian forever. and ever. and ever.
fridge door open. it's sparse. a world weary McDonald's bag and a last chapter beer,
the only other tenants.
"it's neat," I said. don't care much for animals. don't hate them by any means,
but don't go out of my way for them. my analyst says it's Sparks, Oklahoma's fault.
see, when a boy, I had seven---no, eight kittens named Simba. the howl of the coyote
taught me about expiration dates. Had a hard time accepting total loss (e.g., eight Simbas).
"do you feel okay?" Mathilda asked. and I didn't. but I said,
"yeah, yeah. sorry about waking you up last night. just didn't think I could make it home."
"I noticed you slept perpendicular to the futon. with your sneakers on. interesting choice."
Mathilda can be funny. and the almond milk was good. and like I said, I could drink it with
her forever. the ceiling fan, though, rocked off-kilter. she had stray, sad balloons in orbit
around the fan. imagined the balloon with the red-lettered "BOO-YAH" entering the wake
of the wobbling blades. imagined the blades flying off one-by-one. imagined one striking
me in the head and freeing me of a hangover. imagined being in the back of the line outside
the gates of heaven, while St. Peter kept letting the hot, single girls cut in line.
"will you?" Mathilda repeated, I think.
"will I, what?"
"take a picture of me in front of the wallpaper."
"sure."
"sorry, I've taken like 30 selfies trying to get Grace to re-notice me.
starting to feel like a chronic masturbator."
"what do you mean?"
"well, you know, selfies are pathetic indulgences in narcissism. hell, they can be
necessary, as is the case this time, I assure you---but pathetic, nonetheless."
took the phone. Mathilda stood in front of the pirate kitten wallpaper.
she leaned forward. made a kissy face.
"do you have to do that?" I asked.
"don't bust my balls," she said, "just take the photo. I know what Grace likes."
the two broke up last week. Mathilda in her <em>oh-yeah-wanna-run-off-with-ol-banana-boobs</em> fury
threw a fuckoff party with balloons (they were tethered to things at the time.
the dining chairs, cabinet doors, the wrists of guests, etc., etc.). I left early that night.
I'm straight and not very relevant. so, well, you get it.
"would you like some coffee too?" she didn't look up. with locust clicks she fingered
the screen of her phone, uploading the kissy face, pirate kitten wallpaper picture to
her Tumblr. I nodded.
at the party she bedded two skeletal, Sylvia Plath feminists. self-fulfilling prophecy.
she'd written about the then-fictitious scenario months ago on her blog.
Mathilda called me crying the following morning. between the
shame/guilt/self-pity wails, she advised, "don't ever be the third wheel in a threeway."
noted. she said the three had a silent, last breakfast before they left. and I said something
to the effect of, you didn't let them go near the oven did you?
the first droplets of coffee hissed as they struck the bottom of the pot.
"if only coffee were a woman," Mathilda said. "am I right?"
"if coffee were a woman, I'm afraid I'd still pour her into a fine porcelain cup and drink her."
"you're awful."
and I am. but she doesn't mind because I've been celibate for two years, and she's been
so successful it brings her down. off-setting penalties, the basis of our friendship. or maybe
it's the way we leave things where they fall or rise. natural resting places. Simbas. balloons.
when the brew idles I grab two cups. fill hers three-quarters full. she likes almond milk in it.
and I could drink almond milk with a lesbian forever, I swear. to the fridge. the ceiling fan
seems a bit louder. one-by-one the blades. and heaven. and St. Peter, the pervert.
gave the almond milk a shake.
"why you holding on to the McDonald's bag and the practically empty beer?
I think they're starting to smell."
she didn't answer. well, not right away, anyway. and I took that to mean they belonged
to Grace. natural resting places. so, I mix the almond milk into the coffee.
"I know I should throw it out. Grace doesn't even like McDonald's. Do you know what's
in that bag?"
"I don't."
"avocados."
"what?"
"yeah. one of her friends works there. just cut up some avocados for her."
what sacrilege. made me tired, you know? fast food avocados, selfies,
Sylvia Plath feminists, etc., etc. the ceiling fan sped up, for no reason, I think.
the balloons cast shadows over the dining table. and I could drink almond milk
with a lesbian forever. trust me. just not under those conditions. beeline for
the fridge. door open. snagged the bag of blacker-than-brown avocados
and the bottle of beer.
"stop. she could be back any day," Mathilda said.
and what I should of said was no. what I should have said was Grace,
for all intents and purposes, was dead. and what she was doing
was reusing a dead name. and reusing a dead name isn't a resurrection.
but what I said was, "okay." and I sat down under the ceiling fan.
my natural resting place. almond milk forever. and ever. and ever.
When I was nine
My mother asked, What do you want to do when youre older
And I told her
Honestly
With my nine-year-old smile
As wide as an ocean
My nine-year-old heart
As deep as infinity
I told her, mama, I wanna touch the stars, I wanna find pirate treasure, I wanna climb mountains and live in the treetops
My mother,
She looked at my nine-year-old smile
She held my nine-year-old heart in her hands
and she whispered,
Baby, how are you gonna do all that?
I didnt have an answer
You see,
At age nine,
I didnt think about practicality
Or actuality
Or logicality
Or any big word with an -ality stuck to it
At age nine I had aspirations that I rode like angel wings
Dreams that would carry me to the stars I longed to hold
I was nine years old with a mind full of colors
And a mouth made to love
My heartbeat was the drum I marched to
The melody to my song
I told my mother once again mama I wanna touch the stars
Flashforward
I am a freshman in high school now
I stand before you,
Age 15
A year and a half away from driving
3 years from applying
4 years from finding what Im gonna do with my life
Since then
My nine-year-old smile has dwindled
My nine-year-old heart has shriveled
These dreamers shoulders have hunched
Under the weight of textbooks and GPA's
The fingers that spewed color like a 64 pack of Crayola crayons
Aimlessly type out the final paragraph of an essay
The cavern in my chest, that was filled with infinite possibilities and wonders and questions that I longed to answer
Now sits
Empty
Instead of looking for mountains to climb
My aged nine-year-old mind
Searches for the college that will accept me
Not even the real me
Not the seeker of possibility
Not the tree climber
Not the wannabe fingerprint artist
They will take prim and proper not-nine-year-old me
the one who tells her mom shes gonna major in finance but she hates math
The one wholl have a steady 9-5 thatll numb her skull and make her contemplate if death can come from boredom
A coffee tainted room of pencil skirts and high heels
Instead of her favorite blue jeans and Chuck Taylors
A nice job thatll pay well but only for the price of her nine-year-old originality
But she only tells her mom that because it sounds like a real job
A not nine-year-old treehouse living
Cave exploring fantasy
I mean, I have to move on from that dream.
It's time to be practical
Actual
Logical
Now instead of making up new words
I learn definitions of the ones that already exist
Instead of painting with my own colors
I use the ones handed to me
Because its practical
Actual
Logical
Its how it should be.
I am no longer nine years old
Far from it at that
And yet,
I still long to touch the stars,
just a little less
I still want to search for treasure
But just as an afterthought
My eyes are still glowing with wonder
Just a little bit duller
Nine-year-old me isnt dead
She just
grew up
Days spent outside,
Light streaming in the open windows,
Childrens laughter is hear all around,
popcisles melting,
dripping from their elbows,
not a care in the world,
Make believe games of dragons, war, princesses, pirates, and heros
Imagination floats through the air
Making every second of summer a bright and joyous day
Night comes,
Children are called inside by the sweet melody of their mothers voice,
the streets slowly empty,
Street lights turn on on the lonely roads
Families having dinner,
Talking over eachother to tell about their adventures
Almost nodding off at the end of dinner,
Dads carrying their sleeping dragon slayers to bed
Checking their closets and under te bed for monster and tucking them in,
Whispering "I Love You" and kissing their forehead
The streets are quiet slowly waiting for tomorrow to come
some people don't believe in ghosts,
but i am not one of those people,
because you are a ghost
in every sense of the word
//
whenever i close my eyes, i
do not see black anymore instead i see
your body strung up in your closet
with your eyes closed, as if you were at rest
i dont know where you are but hopefully you
are getting some rest because i am
tearing myself apart because it doesnt seem like
youre gone
the curtains theyre half opened just like you left it
the kitchen is still a mess
the coffee stain that you promised to clean up but didnt
is still there and i swear when i close my eyes and then
put my head on your pillow i can still hear
your even breath against my neck
and those are the only nights i ever get any sleep
so excuse me for thinking youre not gone
because in my mind you arent
youre still there next to me on the coach
and you are still complaining about how unrealistic everything is;
you are still next to me and i know that because i am telling you to
<em>shut up, shut up, shut up</em>
my therapist says that its my brains way of
coping with pain but that doesnt make any sense to me
because my heart is still beating
and if my brain really wanted to cope with pain it would
shut down, it would collapse; like your body did when
it couldnt handle the pain
because let me tell you something: i cant handle this pain
this never ending torture of dancing delicately around the fact that
you are dead and i am very well alive even though
i dont want to be, even though my hands have no purpose
without holding yours, my arms
nothing but useless props anymore and that is why
you are very well alive in
my mind because if you weren't i know that i would <em>collapse</em>
<em>some people don't believe in ghosts,
but i am not one of those people,
because you are a ghost
in every sense of the word.</em>
(h.l.)
You sit on the beach and pick at fish bone
after maggots and flies have had their way,
poke it with a stick, listen to the tide,
wonder what it sounds like underwater.
Whale songs, shark bites, seal birth, and coral
in a circus of clown fish, puffers, and lions.
I dig a hole to bury the carcass,
the bone, no flesh, you name him Sergio.
As the dolphin tide rolls in sand erodes
exposes the burial bone by bone
until it washes to sea like drift wood.
When we were young we captured frogs out back
in the creek in the woods behind your house,
and once I tripped into a small ravine.
We found door sized slabs of concrete or rock
engraved with names and nineteenth century dates.
Civil War gravestones, some professor said,
and they were moved somewhere to some museum.
Later on the news they interviewed us,
and in the background bulldozers dug holes
that exposed some two hundred year old bones,
skeletons and skulls, excavated from burial,
as we smiled to the channel two reporter.
what is this mind that was given to me that is able to see things i print on screen with my digital zip drive of a brain that is stuck inside a laptop main frame, fucking server uploading and crashing sending pings and things to hackers who perform doss attacks and web cracks and serial cracks while eating cereal going over javascript material program landslide juno got bit by emails and other technical software jargin computer guy got the blue screen of death corruption on the web the spider metacrawling and setting it on angelfire i google the facebook twitter and hot wire my car on the trader the wall street journal and the white house, porn sites and white owls, getting arrested and being hired by the government, the money's spent, criminal punishment, in cells locked up no breakfast but lunch under the crack of a door inside ur naked ass, on irc chat, the warez rat, pirates on bays and whispers from kittens, brown paper packages exploding a smidgeon, binary, metamorphosis, code program gold, warning anti virus and spywares, baghdad to china, spy on private, eyes on cameras, cell phones like trackers, global position mappers, predator drones, video games, nfl madden, mad men, and happy wal marts, hacking wal mart, with social engineers, traveling the silk road with a cloak ip address revoked
The ceiling of the grand ballroom
Opens as if it were taking in a deep breath.
All of the golden oil painted negative space
And striped Moorish arches allow the chandelier to shine
Blood red.
The pirates hung from the ceiling,
Each with his wrists bound to his ankles,
Festooned in the shape of a teardrop
Or a bell or a drop of blood.
The Jolly Roger slowly turns
Without even a slight breeze or breath,
Dangling from a single chord of rope.
How jolly Roger used to be before the navy came,
Smiling at the sinking enemy ships set on fire by black powder.
Perhaps he still smiles, even through the darkness,
Even through the gaping, gasping
Cannonball holes you can almost hear moan
On the side of his ship far below the surface of the sea,
And hangs high and proud on his ships tallest mast.
Perhaps the pirates hang high too, robust and glorious
Like their billowing flag, shameless and naked
With nothing to hide and everything to be proud of, a trophy
Not for a queen and her navy
But for themselves and the successes of their wanderlust.
Prologue<strong>
Once upon a time; when ocean
Travel was a novel notion,
Many feared the rocking motion
Of the ocean going ships;
But the worst sailing endeavor,
Even worse than stormy weather,
Was the unmistaken terror --
Pirate Peter and his whips ...
</strong>Introduction<strong>
Tales are wove from authors spinning
Yarns, their fingers deftly trimming
Words, until a new beginning
Sprawls across the open page;
So begins our humble telling,
On the street, an orphan's dwelling,
Where a young lad's feet are swelling,
Barely fifteen years of age.
</strong>A Humble Beginning<strong>
Peter shook and Peter shivered,
Weary limbs felt cold and withered,
Chilling winter winds delivered
Snow, fresh-fallen on the ground;
Huddled up, his clothes were sodden,
Tattered shoes were too well trodden,
Lost, alone, a misbegotten
Miscreant; half-froze, half-drowned.
As he lay there, slowly dying,
Given up all hope of trying,
Who should chance to walk on by him,
But a captain of the sea;
<em>What's this now!</em> the old tar spluttered,
<em>Up you get lad, you'll be shuttered
Some place dry tonight!</em> he muttered,
<em>Take my hand and come with me!</em>
Peter felt himself man-handled,
Lifted up, and there he dangled,
Glancing upward, at his tangled
Grey and matted saviors beard;
<em>Thank you kindly, Sir!</em> he mumbled,
Took one step and quickly stumbled
Forward, landing in a jumbled
heap; <em>Lad its worse than I feared!</em>
Heaved upon the captain's shoulder,
Peter felt a might less colder;
As the sea dog walked, he rolled a
Cigarette with one free hand;
<em>Get some sleep son, soon the dawning
Of a bright and brand new morning,
Will come calling, and adorning
Over all this blessed land!</em>
</strong>A Merry Meeting<strong>
Peter woke from days of sleeping,
All around, he heard a creaking
Sound, as if the room was speaking,
Telling of its timber tales;
Up he stood and rubbed his bleary
Eyes, he still felt weak and weary,
Cabin walls looked drab and dreary,
Roughly hewn with rusty nails.
Suddenly, he felt a hunger,
Starting small, but growing stronger;
Feeling he could wait no longer,
Peter burst out through the door;
Racing headlong through the belly
Of the ship, his legs were jelly;
Once or twice poor Peter fell, he
Felt alone, lost and unsure.
Then he chanced upon the captain,
Dining with a merry chaplain,
Feasting on a pig with cracklin',
Sitting on an up-turned drum;
<em>Here's a fine lad in a hurry!
Settle down and save your worry,
There's no need to flurry scurry!
Come and have a taste of rum!</em>
</strong>The Daily Grind<strong>
Peter mopped and Peter scrubbed,
He got down on his knees and rubbed
The decks, and every day he loved
To feel and taste the ocean spray;
Rescued from a world of blindness
To his plight, he paid the kindness,
Working hard; where most would find this
Horrid, he embraced each day.
Such was life until one evening,
Waking from his fitful dreaming,
Peter heard an awful screaming,
And he watched as sailors ran;
From the deck, he saw the flying
Skull and Crossbones flag, implying
Pirates with no fear of dying;
Every one, a wanted man.
</strong>Battle At Sea<strong>
Cannons roared and cannons thundered,
Blunderbusses bussed and blundered,
Roiling masts were shot and sundered,
Splinters flew across the deck;
Rigging crashed and rigging crumbled,
Smashing down as cannons rumbled,
Falling masts and sails all tumbled,
Landing in a twisted wreck.
Swiftly came the pirate vessel,
Drawing close, to crash and nestle,
Broad-side on to form a trestle,
Over which the pirates ran;
Fearful of impending slaughter,
Sailors dived into the water,
Knowing they were never aught to
See their loved ones e'er again.
Peter rushed and Peter scurried,
Dodging blades that flashed and flurried,
Down beneath the decks he hurried,
Seeking for a place to hide;
In the hull, the darkness beckoned,
Peter locked the hatch, and reckoned
That might hold them for a second;
Finding crates, he hid inside.
</strong>His Master's Voice<strong>
Down below, young Peter waited,
Silently, his breath abated,
Hearing pirates jubilated,
As they plundered through the ship;
Soon he heard the latch locks broken,
Creaking as the hatch raised open,
Then a cold voice, harshly spoken,
And the lashing of a whip.
<em>"Filthy scum-dogs, stop yer looting!
Stow the cheering and the whooping,
Look to all the sails a-drooping,
Fix the masts and man the oars!
On the morrow, we'll be sailing,
And I'm right anticipating,
That we'll get a strong wind trailing,
Speeding us to yonder shores!"</em>
</strong>An Unexpected Find<strong>
Peter woke and Peter pondered,
How much time had passed, he wondered?
Cautiously, he rose and wandered
Silently from stern to prow;
In the quarters of the captain,
Peter found a pirate wrapped in
Silken sheets; a perfumed napkin
Draped across his furrowed brow.
Peter glanced around the room
And spied a hat with feathered plume
That lay beside a gold doubloon;
Time to make the pirates pay!
Peter stretched and Peter strained,
His fingers gripped the hat and claimed
Their prize, and next the coin was gained;
Gleefully he turned away.
Then a glinted gold reflection
Gleamed, attracting his attention;
Peter crawled for close inspection,
Wondering what he had found;
Two fine whips of equal measure,
Golden handled trinket treasure;
Peter felt a glowing pleasure
As he stole them from the ground.
Stealthily, he reached the deck, and
Found a crate on which to stand
And saw a sight that looked so grand,
How could fate have been so kind!
They were anchored by the moorings
Of the dock, where several mornings
Past, young Peter had been snoring,
Freezing off his poor behind!
</strong>Trouble In Town<strong>
Pirates robbed and pirates looted,
Pillaging, they laughed and hooted;
Plants were trampled, trees uprooted,
As they raced through city streets;
In the church, the bells were ringing,
Clangers clanging, peels were singing,
Warning of the pirates, bringing
Fear to folk, now white as sheets!
Peter tracked his pirate quarry,
Mind made up to make them sorry,
Chasing them beneath a starry
Ebon sky, he felt quite brave;
Suddenly, he heard a yelling
From behind, three pirates smelling
Like a brewers fare, no telling
How this trio might behave.
Drunkard Pirate:
<em>"Whats this now, whos that their lurking
In the shadows, be thee shirking
Looting tasks, why arent you working?"</em>
Then he stopped and then he cried;
<em>"Bless my soul, our captain joining
In the raiding, how exciting!
Begging pardon, Sir but finding
You at work is joy!"</em> he lied.
Peter grasped the situation,
Putting on an imitation,
With a rough edged inclination,
Like the one hed heard before;
<em>"Lazy dogs, now stop yer bleating
Otherwise youll get a beating,
Now youd best get on retreating
Back to ship, were leaving shore!"</em>
In his hat, he felt quite dashing,
Brandishing his whips, and lashing
At the three, and then just laughing
As he watched them run away;
Emboldened by his hero action,
Peter felt a strange attraction
To the power of the captain
That he had become this day.
Then his luck turned swiftly sour,
For upon that very hour,
Soldiers left a nearby tower,
Seeing him, they gave a squeal;
<em>"Pirate scum, you will surrender,
Otherwise my blade will end yer
Evil life, now will you bend a
Knee and yield, or taste my steel?"</em>
Peter tried to start explaining,
But the soldiers blows were raining
On his head, the blood was staining
On his clothes, the wounds did sting;
<em>"Look at him, he must be wealthy,
What a hat! And look at this see?
Gold doubloon and golden whips! We
Bagged ourselves the pirate king!"</em>
</strong>Trial In Absentia<strong>
Clerk of the Court:
<em>Silence now! This court's in session,
Pirates must be taught a lesson,
But we may show some concession
For those with the sense to speak!
Let us hear the turncoats raving,
Of their captain misbehaving,
Then decide whose necks we're saving;
Otherwise, they're up the creek!</em>
Pirate 1:
<em>If it please your lords and ladies,
Captain Peter ate three babies!
Bit my dog and gave him rabies,
Hang him up and hang him high!</em>
Pirate 2:
<em>Here I swear before you gentry,
This whole case is elementary,
Don't give him no penitentiary,
Hang that captain out to dry!</em>
The Honorable Judge:
<em>It seems the evidence is clear,
Their testaments are most sincere,
No need to bring the captain here --
Evil men must pay their toll;
I find him guilty, captain Peter,
Scourge of seas and baby eater,
Hang the lying scoundrel cheater,
God have mercy on his soul.</em>
</strong>At The Gallows<strong>
Clerk of the Court:
<em>Peter, thou has been found guilty;
By the powers given to me,
I pronounce the sentence on thee,
Thou shalt hang this very day;
We allow you this concession,
Time to tell us your confession,
And denounce your ill profession;
Do you have last words to say?</em>
Peter:
<em>Upon my life, that thou contrives to take
Through ignorance, I swear before you all
That bearing no bad will to your mistake,
I'll hold you unaccounted when I fall;
If thou cares not to see the humble boy
Who slept upon the streets, who ate of rats,
Who froze in frigid snow as thee strode by,
And died inside, each time thee walked on passed;
Then who am I to think the less of thee?
For in thy eyes, I count not as a man,
So now I wonder what thee came to see?
Why should the end of me be worth a damn?
A worthless life, yet still I did no wrong;
Perchance in death, my tale is worth a song.</em>
Dumb-struck faces squinting, staring,
Muttered murmurs, whispers sharing,
Shaking heads and nostrils flaring,
Then the townsfolk knew and gasped;

A drummer struck a solemn beat,
As Peter felt a ray of heat
From winter's sun upon his feet;
Peter smiled, and Peter passed.


</strong>Epilogue**
Late at night, when wind comes creeping
Through the streets, with children sleeping
In the gutters; Death comes reaping,
Searching for their blue-tinged lips;
In a flash of fearful thunder,
Lashing splits the night asunder;
Driving Death from easy plunder,
Ghostly Peter cracks his whips!
THE END
"I'll never let any evil mother fuckers take you from me."*
Your arms like chains, I don't know if they're choking me
or if I'm just scared again, your eyes smother me,
but you taste so sweet, you can't love what is dangerous
and that is me, I break things and make people bleed
for all the wrong reasons, selfish reasons I don't understand,
but hey, take my hand and lead me to the watering hole
I'm nothing but a fragile ticking time bomb
waiting to explode in your arms,
I can't make another man die.
The rope you've been swinging from all your life
has held out brilliantly, 'til this little bitch walked in
and you can't see it yet, but there's an evil glimmer in my eye
and I suppose I am the evil thing trying to take me from you.
baby, I'll just kill you in more ways than you ever thought.
you can have one art: but under-represent the others: you fucking Philistine! you Pirates! what?! you thought you can steal? ah.... b'ah! empty words: only idiots understand words these days, and concepts associated with uttering them... the rest? either Egyptians or monkeys... you make a choice: Congo or Timbuktu?! the more i say something: the more i want to remain unsaid. so this what communism feels like? grey people giving a description of grey matter trying to make pop music the sole "authenticity"? ah... yeah... so it does; like any 1980s movie might.<em>
of what man builds:
an individual - b'ah!
to have written a
history, without
engaging in it:
as having misinterpreted
biology....
i'll let that grease
a future affair of making
an allure
of "said" living:
to have disengaged
the Copernican
theory...
let man rest
and the moon / sun
reside...
have no foot an Achilles
heel?
yet the
persistent continuum...
the murk of said stage:
fame is a lethargy
compensated upon the
motivation of acquiring a history...
which fame knows as:
a concern for faking it...
question is:
authenticirty...
and i'm exhausted
trying to prove it,
let alone acquire it...
i might have said
a thing memorable:
but i certainly didn't
invent a hammer.
</em>call the riddle the next circle:
when you call for a flag
of a coin &amp; scythe:
that case of 3rd party spurring:
they call grey area:
that part not worth pardoning:
yet worth depicting:
a glue:
a society is without.<em>
</em>*with one word missing:
a society was born.
Pirates crashed whimiscal skulls in a jiffy, venturing
quenched excruciating desires at zestful bounties.
The sea crashed on the shoreline
Like the whisper of a lover
Telling the secrets of her deepest being
To the deaf and silent land

The waves rushed in and hardened the shore
And no one dared to touch the sea
But fixed angry glares on her murderous swells
Relinquished only with grudging
With the cold grey morning

Heaving on her stormy breasts
Men and birds alike find a living
In the cold cruel mistress's hands
The sea like a field, yields its fruit
Mere morsels to keep her lovers enslaved
Bound in sluggish wedlock
Tempestuous, cold
The men made hardy by her rage
And drunk by her salty kiss
Hearing her call when at night in their beds
Or by the fire, they take stock and rest
For what the sea gives, she demands a return
And for another lost lover, a candle shall burn
"modern art is precious"
...it's abstract.
I heard you say
and laughed at that
sit back and sat with the grieving.
it's easier to read it, I can't speak it.
been a gloomy pirate
singing, border-line screaming.
changing habits?
still repeating.
hatch-back stare
these feelings are fleeting.
still don't care
I've lost myself eating:
finding secrets but refuse to share.
I'm a hound dog daddy, still speaking with rhymes
I thought I gave up order,
but found lost in the deep between.
I'm half flamed bread,
I'm charcoal.
I'm burnt
and I'm fried.
I've given up my obstructions
and gone straight for falling behind.
captured in the psych ward, meet olly thomson
in the dark night a good samaritan named olly thomson was having a lot of problems
with his mind, you see it all started when he was visioning his little cat diamond was turning
wild to his eyes, and he had this vision from god to heal diamond, with his voices telling him what
to do. first diamond jumped onto ollys computer, like he was sending a message, and the first
voice came saying, you must get rid of diamond, cause you see he is not diamond, he is much more
than that, you see at first he thought it was his best mate brett who died, and wanted to save him
and he was saying come on calm down diamond, calm down diamond, you have to remain calm
i will heal you diamond and then diamond started to fight back and another voice from an old school mate peter
saying, its a raccoon, kill it, we dont want any of them in this country and then diamond let out a little meow
as if he was very scared and then linty chamberlain came into ollys head saying, you must kill your cat, for it
is the dingo that killed my baby daughter Azaria, and ollys dad said, its our cat diamond, he could be brett
he could be a raccoon and he could be the dingo that killed azaria, and diamond was dead and olly said, what have i done
and ollys parents came down after they called the police, and they wanted to know what was bothering olly, and when
the police arrived, first they had a word with him, and then they carted olly off to the HDU, to get a mental health assessment
and as olly got caught the old mens kids who used to be his friend said, your not like us anymore olly and we dont like you anymore
olly and illy said one word in the back of the paddy wagon, which was, i am the guy, your mother warned you about, you see olly
got that saying off the movie cabin by the lake, and the police ?shut the paddy wagon door on olly and drove him off to the HDU,
and when he arrived, all the mental health professionals were there, and olly was kicking and screaming and ron gave him a shot
of valium to calm him down and then when he was completely calm the nurses allowed olly into the HDU, where olly did nothing
but watch the television, and talk to the nurses and also olly got on very well with charlie chaplin and patty roe, who had very good
conversations, and harry at the first glance of olly said, i am going to kill you, and ron went over to olly to ask him some questions
about why he is in there and olly said i am 323 years old and born on christmas day, and i lived underground while the dinosaurs
were roaming around the earth, and ron then brought out the breakfast trays, and then handed out the morning medications
and illy was handed risperidal, which was made to calm him down and he stayed on melleril as well, and at first risperidal was
helping him write stories, fact or fiction and he wrote a story which one of the nurses read saying, olly was the great don lane
and the don lane show was ollys way to escape his painful voices, although none of that was in the poem he wrote about
him being don lane and then tommy came out to watch TV and olly touched tommy on his penis saying, you are my best mate
on my pirate ship, and i remember tying you up in the bottom room on the deck and tommy said LEAVE ME ALONE YA CUNT
and went over to the nurses to put in a complaint about olly and every time ollys parents came, and at the second they leave
olly jumped up and threw a very big tantrum needing four doctors to calm him down, and then olly went back to his chair to
watch TV and wait for his next visit by his parents, you see olly was a bit of a loner, you see his only real friends are his parents
and that was the reason why he killed his cat diamond, and he said to harry, ya know i am 323 years old and born on christmas day
and harry said, can you shut up, i dont want to hear your constant chatter, because i have killed many a man, and i am devious and
cunning enough to kill you, while your in here, and olly said, i was the original santa claus and harry said FUCK OFF CUNT, i dont care
who you are, you are fucken bothering me and then harry got up and walked over to hassle the nurses and then ron came out with
the lunches and olly said, thank you, i can do with a decent feed and charlie chaplin said yeah, but its not a decent feed here
and harry said, you expect me to eat this slop and threw his lunch all over olly and he said, is that any way to treat your ancestors
you see i am 323 years old and born on christmas day and my first life was your great great great great great grandfather and harry said
shut up dick and get the fuck away from me, olly wood and olly said he was a hooligan after that, robbing banks and stealing ships
i even stole blackbeard the pirates ship, and chopped blackbeards head off and harry said SHUT UP CUNT and after lunch, ron went over to the TV room
to talk with olly and said, do you know you are pissing people off here and olly said, of course, but it aint my fault, i was merely stating out i was
harrys ancestor and ron said, here is a eppelin, ok, it will control your overactive imagination and olly said, i am 323 years old and born on christmas day
and then said, i could be, you dont know, your just a lousy psychiatrist, i am the spiritual healer of the land and ron went into his office to search
the web to find out ollys problem and there was this new drug which can calm an overactive imagination which was seroquel, you know 700 mills
will control your mind, but it can hype your overactive imagination, so we may need to give you another drug called serenade, and keep
him here in the HDU for a few weeks to be monitored, as this medication mightnt work and then at 5, ron brought out the dinners and ron spoke to
olly about changing his medication, to seroquel and serenace, but you must cooperate with us, because for some people seroquel can hype
you up, and the serenace is there to calm the seroquel down and olly said, when i was a kid, i was treated like an llke an old fogies kidor a hooligan
and i reckon that i need something for that because, i know my mates have moved on, but my illness says they moved on swearing to never muck
with the old fogie, olly, hes not like us, cause he goes to bed early and olly said, there is another name he was called, a old bludger or a dole bludger
which could be because he had no cool friends when he was at school, and olly considered himself very cool and in 1 hour, ron brought out the nightly medications
and first to tommy, then to charlie and over to patty and over to harry and then he gave the seroquel and serenace to olly and olly said can i have a coke please
and ron went away got olly a cup of coke and clocked off and bought a pizza and went home to watch TV, and falling asleep on the couch, as usual, thinking
today went very well, he THINKS.
My brother and I do not speak the same language.
He speaks in fast verses of loud rap music, fast cars and colloquial slang,
I speak in metaphors and politics, empathy and solitude,
My brother and I have never seen eye to eye on things.
You see, I spent most of high school trying desperately to stand out,
While he is trying desperately to fit in, to blend into the crowd, to be accepted.
Because he cannot see what I see.
He does not see the light that shines every time he smiles.
Ive seen it since he was born.
When he was born, I was no longer alone.
He was my first mate on the pirate ship we made in our living room,
my sidekick for the superhero I invented when I felt I needed one,
my assistant in my magic show to explain the things I could not comprehend,
And even when my sister was born he stayed by my side like he was meant to be there.
My brother and I grew different tongues as we grew in age,
His adapting to a different style than mine,
Mine marred by mistreatment and a botched brain,
His sown with smiles and immaturity,
But there are things we can both understand.
We both speak late night Taco Bell runs
And South Park episodes,
We both laugh at Adventure time and stealing beer while our parents arent looking,
We both look at our sister in envy, although our reasons for doing so are different.
He doesnt know I think he is beautiful. I have since he was born.
And watching him grow into someone I do not recognize has killed me.
And realizing that I cannot save him has wiped me of every superpower I thought I once possessed.
Sometimes, I pretend he is little again. I see his smile, his face, and I cannot help but smile too.
To me, he will always be my first mate on my pirate ship.
My brother and I do not speak the same language,
But we share the blood coursing through our veins.
And sometimes that is stronger than words.
In my dreams, there are colors and carousels
Swimming and spinning
Into a helix of broken hesitation
The dread I feel is insurmountable
Palms drip sweat
Consciousness fades from asphyxiation
Devils awaken from careful slumber
Growling and gnashing
As they enslave my heartbeats filled with envy
In my dreams, there are shadows and shipwrecks
Slinking and sinking
Into depths blurred by this reality
We drift into and out of the light
casting shadows that catch us
erasing the night
raising statues to dead men and
drift off again.
When the men with the balls have the walls to write words on
they will write up a storm to take down the statues
use crayon and paint to explain in some detail
the fall and the fail.
I sail with the pirates who sail on the sea where the light dips into the ocean for all men to be equal
for all men to be...
...the wind blows hard and the thousand yard stare stares icily back,
bolt action,my
reaction is to attack, but I throw
daffodils instead.
Library - It is a world full of books
All are interested, whether they are engineers, peons or cooks
Books of all genre you will find
It never fails to attract one's mind
But please remember the Golden Rule
Please be silent; it isn't a sin
Never be violent or else you'll disgrace your kith and kin
You may even make the librarian your friend
And he/she will provide you with books of the latest trend
Harry Potter, The Godfather and The Da Vinci Code
Not that keen? Well you could always try The Princess and the Toad
Books are for everyone; age doesn't matter
Idiot box or reading? I'd rather choose the latter
Whether you want science or fiction
The Library is a world of addiction
Once you pick up a book you will get glued
You'll shout yourself hoarse if anyone dares to intrude
You'll be reading it in class, the toilet or the bus
And when the teacher confiscates it you'll create a big fuss
Oh, Miss please! Just one more page!
It's the climax part between the pirate and the sage
We should thank Gutenberg for inventing the press and bestowing upon us this boon
Else we'd all still be stuck watching cartoon!
::
I wrote my first poem
50 years ago
And I am convinced that ALL my poems
Are simply
Re-writes of that first one
//
It ended thusly
AND THEY WENT OFF TOGETHER
THE PIRATE AND HIS LOVER
TO THE STREETS OF FAR OFF PLACES
ALL ALONE
AND NOW IT'S I WHO SEEK THEM
IN THE STREETS OF FAR OFF PLACES
THE PIRATE AND HIS LOVER
ON MY OWN
( the point being that they asked me to come with them but out of fear I refused
But when they were gone the shame awakened me to find courage )
//
THE PIRATE
my true nature
HIS LOVER
the true nature of love
//
I started my search in 1965
when poetry and song was an integral part
Of the culture and of the society
//
The quest was shared
And the imagery and lessons were shared
IT WAS A GOOD TIME
::
Now ?
//
Something else !!!!!
So it is !
Museums as art
Art as museums
Sail the trail to my mausoleum
Psychopaths and physicists
Psychiatrists and philosophers
Philanthropists and pilots and painters
Declare now, that these are our days
Our hours, and our days
These are our city, our hours
Our time, our days.
This is our world
At 14:92 I landed here and claimed it
And searched it and found it wanting
Of civilization that I could so easily supply
By means of wounds and iron
And brawn and truth
(and just a tiny touch of influenza darling)
By means of our Lord,
Who grants us all that we desire
If only we kill enough of those he did not choose.
This is our world
And we shall make it what we will
Make it in our own image
Teach it that innocence is not knowing the difference between right and wrong
Raise it to hate no one
But to love itself so deeply
That all other love seems hateful in comparison.
This is our child, love
Yours and mine.
Here the first shall be last
And the last shall be first
But once the first are last they shall be
Last
Last
Last
And once the last are first
They shall make it so they can never be last again
This is our primitive accumulation
Of necessary materialism
Lets cultivate matter
To make objects that we can place on shelves
And in cases
These are our cases
And we love them as we love ourselves
Museums as mass graves
Mass graves as museums
Kiss me in my mausoleum
Priests and prisoners
Prostitutes and prophets
Pioneers and pilgrims and pagans
This is our time
And we are dispensing it in spendthrift increments
Buying threadbare bandages for our cavernous canyons
Buying ample earplugs
To seal in the silence
So we can somewhat say
look there is peace
Look we have done it
In our time it is accomplished
This is our peace
And we know it by the signs
The lions and lambs lay quietly together
In our brass-barred zoos
For as long as shelves and cases
Are intact and the first are first
And the last are last
And the civilized are organized and holy
There is peace
Oh, look
We made peace!
And as for Solomon and Socrates
We take their words to weave through our new wisdom
And when we re-chart the constellations
We shall give them each a star
And salute them once a year
When they come around the universe
Oh, look
How wise we are!
Mass graves as art
Art as mass graves
There have been no better days
There has been no greater time
Politicians and pornographers
Professors and pirates
Psychologists and pastors and pianists
This is our time
And we are doing with it the very best we know how
The last are toiling and trying
And the first are trying to think to try
But there is a shortness in our hours
And a violence in our peace
There is inherent foolishness in our wisdom
And disease in our cities
And there is death upon our shelves and in our cases.
This is our world
We crafted it and declared our truth to be true
We sculpted this, our colosseum
Please inscribe my mausoleum
With we know not what we do
i never was very good
at sharing things
meant to be mine
even as a child
i would hide my things
&amp; guard them
like a pirates treasure
just to keep others
from walking away
with them
not that you
are another one of
my play things
but just the same
i dont want you
walking away
while holding my heat
in your hands
my heart
wasn't meant to be
shared and passed around
like an old tired joint
only to be lit
when you want to feel my high
to escape from
your life
Memoirs in Diaspora..
The Egypt I miss;
Had bread basket filled, bottled butter
Mouth watering sliced salted spiced snacks,
Vast garlic gotten from government grocers,
Onions, olives and countable orphans,
Gracious graduates donned in fitting gowns.
No pick-pocketing pirate police
Even though we wailed upon Pharaohs whips
Stomachs were stuck with solid meals.
Is Moses Canaan carrying a curse?
I cant help wondering.
My revelation is clear now.
I got rythym. Now.
See.
Seven days to an orbit.
Or mere cochance.
Seems like a weekend thing too.
Butt
Inspiration seems to kick off her
Frilly lace and slides quietly under satin.
Heat check. Why?
Perception is reality no?
Saturation and release ?
Skull duggery.
Mind miner.
Alchemist at work.
Iron pirate. ?
At any rate it feels like 7 is my lucky #.
Ahh. Sleep dep.?
Mayhap.
Dark eyed demons
Frenzied metaphors afloat
Sinking ships
Oceans tide quickened like breaths
Hey lady
Dead man
Drowned at sea
Pirate in true
Davy Jones
Took hold of him
Let you be
Insanely in control
Controversy seeps around
Who took the heart
His soul found new body
Hey lady
New man
Always searching
Never being found
Crazily comforted
With pain
Skies weeps
When it rains
Bobbing along
Shores of sea
Lost yourself
Trying to get free
The clothes brought you down
Sinking to the bottom
Refusing to drown
Hey lady
New time
Clocks Ticking
Hours tocking by
Rivers lead to streams
They crowd your eyes
Crowned with shame
You fell into the trap
Moment i came
Flooded your thoughts
Conquered your dreams
Frenzied metaphors afloat
Do you know what all this means
Murray
Venomous slithering silk gown
Adressed the chandeliers in the
Marrakesh's dusky evening, just
To outshine the simmering glass
There were gentelmen and ladies
Chit chating politely, uninterested
Awaiting on a dinner to be served.
He noticed the scarf, she thougt to
Herself. Unending in memory are
Hoffman's grand thrilly fairytales.
I wish he'd gather the bold pirates
Of his conquering intentions and..
I met your easy laugh on the ocean
where fire beings seem to love to be.
We like flirting with impossible unions.
We came together to the sound of wave crash
sizzling like water on a stove top
spilled out by shaking hands.
bright beings lost in fever for each other.
I couldn't leave you in the ocean
the last day found my hands shaking around paper
pushed light int your pocket
I know you've kept it safe
so i wonder if the way we walked on the islands
is burned into your memory.
I wonder if i am new in the place of your sweet tooth
you are new in my list of addictions
under the label
"not bad for you"
I wonder if I'm filed under
girl who laughs and loves like a teenager
free and unguarded
for the first time sense the first time
I'm not a warning at the port mouth
pecked apart by crows and groaning
this is a pirates love affair
you've amnesty or the map to the treasure
all that's left is the choosing.
All to be felt ,tasted smelled or seen,taken in and stored quickly to take it's place under masses of memories
Re-adjustmentof many functions laid in line as extinct ,not learned more a necessary tool of survival
Our demeanor becomes the great filter ,sifting,sortingsamples of events ,thoughts still only known as accessories
Face value is not always as it seems ,how quick it is noticed before being discarded ,to remain placid or become frightful
Like so many rhymes before tailored for time ,beginning,hindsight's,foresight. taking middle ground rarely completing revolutions
Blinks ,winks bring fragmented views into a colossus, if unexplored will the lack of knowledge ever show it's weight
Often actions simply laid out in fractions ,the view distorted or to many actions for proper reactions,just blind delusions
Strength of memory as viewed through opaque lenses although not recognized is only a partial view of what should penetrate
An original vision whenobserved with conditions or reactions involving pain becomes stunted
Blinding future reality blocking a once open mind becomes a normal path unless shown a newguidance
Others obvious truths often findpaths of least resistance unable to accumulate all the facts leaving thoughts corrupted
Full exposureis truth, showing faces as proof ,as taken in when fragmentedblindly robbing our memories like pirates
Now if shown the whole pie uncut , no easy pieces left divided to hand out servings on smaller plates
Will a whole flavor becomebigger parts of an unknown missing memory ,placing all the pieces in order
Reflections as a part of building ,bonding with ourselves ,but if cemented like bricks maybe truly sealing our fates
Finally figuring out which are truths or what is fantasy ,will become like a shattered cloud ,a puzzle to make us stronger . R.C.
6.4.14's offering for US National Poetry Month
Another poem to hack out,
A flood instead of the usual drought,
This month I dare not slack,
Even if inspiration I lack,
The daily schedule to survive?
Shall I knock out a three line haiku?
Would you, catch a fleeting quatrain,
Or take five, to ameliorate the strain?
I'm now at six, next hardly seventh heaven
Lord knows how I'll make eleven
Twelve, thirteen, tarnation on it
Fourteen suggests a sonnet?
Fifteen? Oh "dead man's chest"
and that many pirates upon it
Already losing reason stroke rhyme
What may poetry month evoke in time?
I own this day's diatribe seems shirty
TGIA which hath only thirty.
We were best friends
Boys just having fun
But those days are over
Forever done
So many adventures
Imagined and real
Swashbuckling pirates
Damsels hearts to steal
Then fast cars
Driving as fast as we can
Hanging out at the river
Always a Summer tan
Those were good times
Got in a little trouble too
But it was always together
For me and you
You left too early
Way too soon my friend
I was in no way ready
For our adventures to end
Man what a loss
But to me you're still here
As I relive those days
Of adventure and no fear
So many things
I'd love you to see
But in the grand scheme
It just wasn't meant to be
I miss you my friend
Guess I always will
But in my memories
You are with me still
We were best friends
Boys just having fun
You left too soon
Adventures still undone.
A young boy , sitting under a tall Water Oak Tree , chewing on fresh cut sugar cane with vivid images of Pirates and Caribbean Sea , indigo skies and treasure maps , wooden ships with cannons and Jolly Roger flying high above ! Adventure and mystery amongst each wave crashing into shore , mingled with danger , my cane pole turned into sword , in battle with the British Fleet on the shores of Hispaniola at High Noon , in search of my summertime treat !!
Penguins pachiderms periwinkles
A positive plethora of p's
Perhaps proposing a predilection
For personal preference
Plenty of possibilities pending
Pirates possums and politians
Prognosticating profoundly
Potentially producing problems
Pouncing precipitously on people
Populations prefer peace
And pirates predicating possessions
Puts pressure on police
I propose a possible process
Let's peer at participating parties
Petition a permutation of points
And start using K's
When life has me down
On the mats
Running circles
Doing laps
Short of breath
Losing bets
I go to the internet
And Google cats...
I see water colored
Cats as art
Cats with wings
Swinging stars
Cats that sing
Cats that bathe
Dressed like Pirates
Sailing lakes
Cats that bark
Just like dogs
Cats with friends
Playing cards
Cats that jump
But not that far
Catching air
While missing marks
Cats in Charlie Chaplin hats
Using credit
Who's got cash
Cats that eat
Silly String
Freak out when
The doorbell rings
Cats that talk
Like babies do
Where their meow
Sounds like goo goo
Cats in color
Black and white
Chase other cats
Run from mice
Where my kids say
That's nothing new
I'm sure some of you
Have seen it too
But like I said
When life gets bad
Where sanity
Is barely kept
I close my door
And lock the latch
Go to the internet
And Google cats...
I want to be a Disney Kid.
I want to swim the seven seas and fall magically in love,
Never grow up and fight the evil pirates.
I want to grant my wishes and soar on a magic flying carpet,
Marry a beast who lives wealthy and loves me for me.
I want to go into war for the sake of my ill father,
Dance at a ball and lose my glass slipper.
I want to wake up surrounded by miniatures dwarfs,
Be pricked by a spindle and kissed to be awakened.
I want to be a Native American, who falls in love with a man who sees me different,
Grow my hair till it touches the ground.
I want to kiss a frog and fall into a magical world,
Swing on vines while beating my chest, yelling the mighty call.
I want to grow my nose till I cant tell a lie anymore,
Soar through the sky with my floppy big ears.
I want to fall into a hole to find another crazy dimension,
Be a black spotted dog with 101 puppies.
I want to land with my umbrella to interact with kids,
Eat spaghetti behind the garbage dumpsters with classical music.
I want to be best friends with a beagle,
Be a deer who meets all sorts of animals.
I want to be a pirate fighting on the Caribbean,
Eat honey all day till my tummy gets full.
I want to be the king and rule the jungle kingdom,
Be lost at sea and touch the <em>butt</em>.
I want to be a live toy and go on mischievous adventures,
Be a race car and drive the highways.
I want to be in New York and hang with the big dogs,
Fly in a house full of balloons.
I want to turn into a bear and see life differently,
Have a humpback and be treated so unfair.
I want to be Hercules and become powerful,
Become friends with a bear and boogie all down.
I want to scream to the world <em>the sky is falling</em>,
Become a cow on the range.
I want to be a pampered aristocat.
There are so many things I want to do and see in the eye of the magical fantasy.
I want to be a Disney kid.
Oy!Boy!You there!That's no way ta be tyin' a knot.Do it like the one next ta ya.Thats right.Now pull that tail tight.Thats got 'er.Be yer first time ta sea boy?Aye!I can tell.Yer a bit unsure of yerself.But don't you go worryin' 'bout that.That there feelin' won't be stayin' with ya fer long.No.Not fer long at all.
Come on over and sit by an ol' sailor fer a bit.Whilst I mend these here sails.I gots to be gettin' 'em done in time afore we set back ta sea.Why you ask?Why boy, don't ya be a knowin' where we be?We'll be needin' full sail and not one yard less, to get through these waters tonight.
Well, I'll tell ya.See this here port?Where'n the Capt'in went off to be makin' deals?Why, we be at the very bottom edge of a slice of water called the Devils Spit.What's the Devils Spit ya be askin'?Oy!Your still wet behind the ears ya are.Why, I can count on me nine fingers and what's left of me toes, the number of men what's not heard of the Devils Spit.And I be all out of fingers and toes to be addin' ya to the list. So I best be a tellin' ya.
Here.Have a seat and hold on to this here end of sail edage for me.That's a good lad.Comfy?Good.
Ya see, the Devils Spit is a nasty bit o' sea.Shaped like a triangle.Connectin' three ports.Why, it's no bigger'n this on the Capt'ins charts.But out there...lad, it's vast.Vast dark and frightenin'.Course I see the sun a shinin'!But I'm talkin' 'bout night.Deep night.When the moon is high and full.Like it'll be when we sail tonight.Cause, it be night that brings up the dead.Now listen up whilst ol' Tips Slived here tells the tale.
Aye!The tortured souls upon the waves, do dance and call from watery graves.
They call to other pirates that be, out livin' a life 'pon the sea.
When ya sail within the Devils Spit, you take yer chances with the rest.
Fer they rise up, as ya near their eternal tomb. Ta beckon and wail, out in the gloom.
They have eyeless sockets. Aye! Tis a gruesome sight.
Plucked out by the ocean scavengers bite.
To have those wraiths look t'wards yer ship, marks it fer death.
You'll not beat their grip.
Thier spectral forms of festering rot, once be pirates, one and the lot.
Each dead soul picks itself a victim.Then SWOOPS down on the decks ta collect 'em.
They be dragged, kicking and screaming, beneath the depths.
But Davvy Jones, these souls he won't accept.
A pact was made 'tween the Devil and he, fer those taken here within this Devil sea.
For the pirates chosen by the dead, are taken deeper down, past the sea bed.
To wail and burn on the Devils spit.To be fed to his minions and his pets.
Then their souls belong to he, that claims this triangle of the sea.
A pirates soul be the blackest kind.A more murderous bunch, you'll never find.
So now, ther be a full ship more, of tortured souls to settle scores.
With their ship sunk past the bottom, there they stay til the Devil calls 'em.
Up to dance 'pon the waves, to take other pirates to thier graves.
So when you sail with the full moon lit.Sail not into the Devils Spit.
Now Lad.How's that for a bit of an old salts tale?Good one ay lad?Here, hold this bit of sail up while I thread this here bobbin.Higher now.That's a good lad.Ha! Ha!You'll not be feelin this way fer long.No.Not long at all.
Hey! Boy!yes YOU!Your the only boy here 'board ship be ya not?What are ya doin' over there in them torn sails?Don't I be givin' ya enough work ta do?
Talkin' ta who?We have no hand 'board this ship by that name.Besides, there be no one there but you.Take a look a round.
Boy?You alright?Your as white as them sheets there.Ha!Port sick are ya?But, don't be worrin' lad.We set sail on the tide, to do us a bit 'o piratin' on our way to the next port.
Now go check on them skull and cross bones.make sure she's ready ta hoist when Capt'in calls fer 'em.Yes. sir, white as them there sheets he is.
MEN!Make ready ta sail.Tonight, we sail through the Spit!
Growing up. No thank you.
My house was littered with red solo cups, empty potato chip bags, barbies and romance novels. My mother got my sisters hooked in 5th grade, a bandwagon I never jumped on. It rode past and I waved my no thank you's, mocking their simple minds and codependency.
Then he bought me a Kindle.
Oh has a fire ever been kindled in my life, a spark deep in my gut. Not the trashy pirate books filled with busty bosoms and dirty flexing muscles. No, and not the cliche millionaire with mommy issues falling for the average, helpless, clumsy but persistent "Jane". No, I mean the normal pretty cute girl fallen for the best friend of 10 years who saved her everyday from the memories of her childhood loss. I mean the steamy love scenes and the dramatic losses only to found again in the end.
I'm a sucker.
A straight sucker for the 99 cent heart pounding dramatizations of a life that's a roller coaster revolving around a fiery misplaced love. Gosh, we're talking lunch break, city bus rides, leaned up against the computer at work in between guests. Bundled on the couch with Chai and my kindle diving head first into a tragic love affair.
It gets me through the annoying sound of her Boston accent Wednesday through Friday. It tears me away from the less desirable moments of a real love affair called marriage. It takes me up and down with the thundering pulse of the characters involved.
Then comes the guilt.
The looking over my shoulder while I ride the city bus in the middle of a hot and steamy love making session, slightly tucking my kindle into my body, not wanting to put it down. It's the guilt that my gut knows how to react to a book a little too well. It's the heat in my veins and the pounding in my chest.
Dear lord, I'm a sinner.
I find no true guilt in the pleasure.
a love song
by O. A. Unwin
for Joseph Rembrandt Clarke
poet of the Bronte Country
Immanuel Kant
'' We are rich not in what we possess
but in what we can do without''
I.
Midnight hospital rooms flicked eyelashes
off the slow duel of hours
imagine tall lynch mob grass
or Sing a Song of Sixpence or Bye, Bye Miss American Pie forever
Today I remembered my upbringing
spoke of Turner,Ginsberg,human rights,
painted, swore,tore up a newspaper
the Nurse looked at me and said
' Not doing very well now, are we''
Dear Roman Empire, Tribunals
Otherwise this Southern town's
all hills, steeples, clouds
unsteady heartbeat of sandstone swept sideways
occasional channel fog krimi &amp; arthouse
and lives ending whiskey half way to the sky
Welcome,set down your bags
to you I am a stranger in your land
to me you were a visitor in my town
Recently I have learnt that those who love
live life on the wrong side of the looking glass
and are forever being given speeding tickets
I also wander Redcliffe Wharf these days by the swallows' nests knowing that Angels tread the earth in the form of people like you
I have been there.
I have seen the Light.
I have drained my soul
out in tears Absalom oh Absalom
I have known the Wall
of my prodigal body a Tempest
Angel wings clipped by old ladies
on Old Market bus stops
catkin feet rotating the underdressed night
under the Arsenic Wheel of Stars
I have gambled my future
on the mere shout of your name
I have risked my very life
I should be a woman serene as a fish by now in a pond by a mansion house beneath Redwoods
this is not dignified.
Dearest, did I fuck up
may I call you this
or shall we be
empty footsteps
Stasi hallways
a disconnected phone
No. Wait.
I am doing this all wrong
Dearest, gentle zeitgeist poet
of Yorkshire and the North
the way your writing
fleets me of your subtle frame
remembered briefly from one night
the inner fire of your face
and eyes mysterious as pagan gods
or lonely hermit huts and bright
as Northern Seafront lights
blinking renegade the dusk
amid the heady din of amusement arcades
the smog lilt of your lovely voice
now I know these things about you
I am a Matryeshka lost
but at least it's easier to write
of imagined boyish swagger to Elvis
or the way you might also sing jazz
I belt out Duke Ellington in the bathtub
oh lets dance lets dance
Turn, turn
Sunset on Sunset
pages, pages back
I am an August rose
in bloom over you
in Welsh view suburbs
A Brothers' Grimm fairytale
that mother cuts down
and I tie it back onto it's stalk
with a vial of water
as if it's calling to me
to say'thanks for letting me die here'
red, red, Russian red
that's no way to make your bed
but it reminds me of my Grandmother's garden
so it's also English
and then there's the thought of you
so it must be French red,
the color of love
Existentionalism and Rousseau
Elinor and Marianne <em>
hothouse flowers or wild
I was always the latter
wild, wild
a bold freedom of a child.
</em> in Jane Austen's ' Sense and Sensibility'the heroines, Elinor and Marianne's contrasting characters
are described by their love of flowers. Marianne prefers wild and this
is a tribute to her free, delicate spirit, the stern Elinor prefers hothouse.
I.I
This is bad.
I'm done dancing.
actually I was recently a mermaid
&amp; my legs still hurt on land
I can't write good poetry about this.
It's too serious.
It's all je ne sais quoi
&amp; unknown potential of star signs
I've read of the way you wrote
of a girl all bells and incense
and think now that oh you are Love, love
love itself-fragile and kind
beneath that manner bold
and cheek as a Sunday brass band bright
' Your name's a bit of a mouthful isn't it'
that's what you said,right?
but you can't fool me,Love
are you the all the vibrant flair of gentleness in my Soul
your trance of attention to detail
the way you've loved places and people
the thought that there is such a man
pierces me like Van Gogh's last hours
dearest, dearest
you're my drug
that's just the way that I am,
or used to be
I'm a Romantic.
Neither capitalist
Nor communist?
Me too.
Soulmate.
Yep..
Drastic.
But that's
all the word that's left.
Now I'm just in trouble
and need wine.
To think I'm usually
quite good at Scrabble.
I don't normally do Kitsch.
I promise.Be Kind.
I must remind myself of this:
Love is a house of cards.
could we just be a plane trail
a radio signal
a satellite
forbidden bliss.
I.I.I
You're right
the Southern middle classes are fucked up.
as for me Dad all kindly alcoholism
and Kolobok* frame died
Step-Dad walked out.
All my umbrellas broke.
I've tried
but it was pointless loving my parents
poetry and paleontology
just can't live together.
<em>*</em>
I should have been an heiress
but my mother
lazily lost the place
and kept me poor &amp; this stings
or did till I grew a backbone.
Our landlord's in New York.
Our house
is surrounded by cypress trees
You only live once.
or so I thought.
but I've lived and lost so many times
that I'm simply glad that I just bought a typewriter
for a quid
and am proud.
* Kolobok - a character from a Russian folk tale, made out of dough.
I.I.I
Damn this curiosity.
A question.
Arise, arise Atlantic dreamer.
Why are you you
America, Europe and England
and goodness knows what else
By Descartes's* fire
I beseech you
are you a dream
Am I Ariel<em>,
or else
a marvel comic heroine
pick and choose
toss your dice
Lets face it
we are both gamblers
because we're not afraid to feel
&amp; we are both Kafka
when I read you
I'm the Zen
of my transnational dreams
I can't help this.
Where are the boys I used to kiss in my head.
This is maybe just how the Mad are.
I'm mock bubblegum brains.
You are my roman candle
as I said
I'm not a little Bristolian
&amp; Southerner at heart
so I'm a pirate.
that's that.
I am sewing our flag in neon thread
I am eyeing you up
the way Smugglers eye up cargo
the way Kings draw up maps
the way salt melts in water
&amp; the way books looked and felt
has always been important
so you must know
my mother read me Ruskin as a child.</em>
Tell me, friend
could we be Northern lights
by whom &amp; what was the last film you saw
Woody Allen,
Wim Wenders,Gatsby.
lets make a list
have you seen
'Goodbye, Lenin'
it's hilarious.
tell me of yourself
Berlin, Berlin<em>
einz zwei drei
no, this is not the Polizei</em>
or Blitzkrieg grandmothers
just hide and seek
Do you like gingerbread
Why is my neighbor calledPete.
* Rene Descartes - 1596-1650, french philosopher
* Ariel - Ariel, a magical spirit from Shakespeare's ' The Tempest'
* Ruskin is one of Rembrandt's favorite authors
* I used to live in Berlin
* One, two, three, no this is not the Police
Ivan thought that the stranger followed him; why should he?
If the stranger had been a Russian one, it would have been
Perfectly obvious for him where the meeting had to be
Placed, but maybe this stranger had accidentally heard them when
They had talked; in this case, the stranger didn't know their secret,
But the surveillance was the only way to find out.
This was why this stranger embarked on their ship; apart,
The real surveillants were chameleons, beyond this doubt.
One of those pirates searching for secrets had a red birthmark
On his face; to follow Fargo, they were walking for some hours.
They started a talk while one of their dogs began to bark
''To identify a tail, look at the footprints, those flowers
Can make the dogs lose the scent trail; '' '' each flower might have
A different scent, telling the dog it has been visited
By some insects; here, their path is divided into two halves.''
''Someone left them, and another one is dead or invalid.''
'' That person returned; look, he moved frequently between crowded
And empty places: this makes him conspicuous, '' '' It's a man.''
''Someone else followed them, '' ''I dont see well, the sun is clouded, ''
'' I don't trust this lady, Chiara, '' ' I understood her plan.''
''She paid our chief, Quintus, to kill Lucca, '' ''He was lucky
To be hired by two persons to do his job on the same ship.''
''Quintus made his intentions very clear; he is a plucky
Man; '' one of them touched a footprint with his finger tip.
'' Quintus's intention was to loot and to arrive before
Frederick besides Syracuse to wait and hit the carrack.''
''Quintus will kill Marco after trying to find out whether
He's their man or not, '' ''They have fallen under our attack.''
'' Chiara paid Quintus to kill Francesca, '' '' Look at the village! ''
''This must be the messenger's house; it's midnight; let's enter
To find the documents like in the midst of a pillage, ''
'' All are like babies in a deep sleep, '' ''I long for adventure! ''
(They found the documents, but they didn't take them because they needed to hunt the connection person. They exited the house.)
'' Let's tell Quintus that these gold bars came from London to go
To a Russian rich lady living as a nun, '' ''One
Of them used Fargo to be here, but she didn't let him know.''
''Now, he cannot return back to us; his future is done.''
''When one of us leaves our crew, he becomes a stupid man
In the arms of any woman, '' ''Which one do you think is
Involved in the gold's story? '' ''I don't know, but I know the plan.''
''They are four; we'll find soon, '' ''Round in my head, these events whizz.''
(The pirates killed the messenger on the beach, but they did not know where he had lived.
The messenger knew the person who had to give him the gold, and therefore, had no documents on him.
The person bringing the gold traveled while providing maximum security, but secretly he was afraid of the pirates.)
Meanwhile, Quintus did not know where the gold had come from
Nor where the messenger was living, and therefore, he killed
Marco; then, after the returning of his people, he sent them
To tell all the pirates that the onslaught should be stopped.
Erica knew about the village and influenced
Fargo to go in that direction; Ivan had told her
The name of the village and where the messenger's house was placed,
But she didn't know the information that man could confer.
Chiara wanted Lucca to die because he was the sole
Heir of an immense fortune after the death of his parents.
She also wanted Francesca's death, but she lost control
Thinking that she lost the asset in the light of those events.
(..To be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
my love is a reverse Midas touch.
one day, your eyes will stop lighting up.
your sun will stop trying to break through
the cloud that is my melancholy.
your forgiveness will wither
underneath all of these apologies;
nothing can grow when it is
being watered too much.
one day, you will stop getting your hands dirty.
you will stop searching for good intentions
in the ruins of everything I have destroyed.
you will stop searching for me
like I'm the survivor of a shipwreck
and not the shipwreck itself.
one day, you will understand why
abandoned buildings are demolished
when they cannot be saved.
Carry my body out to sea
Lay my down on rippling tide
Let me float away with the debris
To absorb into the immortal sands
Like a ship turns into a wreck
My bones bow, bend and break
And the creatures explore my skin
My life is forgotten.
Descrying; home invasion
Obscure connotations; razors edge, double-edged sword
Cupid misses the heart and stabs in the back.
Gushing blood; vital organs severed
Suck, Bang, Blow
Don't hack my shit.
.
The sails, the wind the deep blue sea...
Life untethered is the life for me--
War is brutal upon the raging swells
the clashing sword and cannonball...
we pray against a bitter wind
the tattered sails, they rise and fall...
Rare to touch the earth below our feet
to always heed the sirens call...
The smell of death on salty air
their final dance in this aquatic realm...
Liquid dreamers hoard their take
while whiskey eyed captains clench their helm...
Sailing through the Isle of Whyte
shattering its' mirrored waters...
taking all the gold we can find
to raise our sails and daughters...
The goblets of gold we raise each night
are toasts to leaving Rome...
We'll make new trails across old wakes,
we'll crash through seas of foam...
You can take pirates off the sea
but it will always be their home...
042211
Here it is all Ive ever known
Like a treasure lost and gone
To the sea the Pirate pleas
Curse the Maker!
The early light breaks and hits
Your skin just right,
I know Ill miss the things
We said, the blankets soft a nice warm bed,
Stay a little longer.
Darkness cannot touch a burning fire!
Dripping down my legs we melt together
Waxed out with all the pleasure.
She drove from one coast to the other
with her contemptible co-Captain, Kenny.
One time in Colorado,
she saw Bambi looking for
berries in the dark
on a concrete highway-
stupid thing-
and all of a sudden
she felt a bump in the road
and kept fucking driving!
Kenny was passed out drunk on rum
in the cab of the ship
like the piece of slimy shit
he is,
and he didn't want to stop until
he could find some more heroine
by God.
A few days later at some half-star hotel
they smelled something rotten under
the front of their tag-teamed semi
and there was Bambi
with two x's for eyes
and his tongue sticking out
like the joke he became
to two pirates looking for
treasure, or pills and tequila
in this case.
(Fargo put the body of Bella in a mantle and took her on his shoulders. He left Chiara, Francesca, Rosa and Pedra ashore and went together with Geraldine, Maya, Carla, Erica and Naimah's son to find a village. The name of Naimahs son was Surak.)
It looked like a long beach with a rocky shore and a hidden
Cove; they turned right walking along the sandy beach; at the far
End of the beach, they saw a galley, but it was forbidden
To follow the path leading to the shore, ''I'll ask where we are, '' ''
Said Fargo while looking through a telescope, ''What do you see? ''
''There's one man standing on the deck; he's the companion
Of that pirate following us and traveling free.''
''How do you know this? '' ''I worked for him in the devil's canyon.
The flag has a boom skull, '' ''Let's go, '' said Geraldine, ''The pirates
Are coming from this ship, '' said Fargo, ''I must set it on fire.''
While sneaking to that deck, he killed one by one the pilots
And the third sailor; he thought,  Frederick is caught in a snare.
Fargo took the little treasure from that ship and those two maps
Showing the place from where the treasure had been taken
And the island where they intended to hide it; perhaps
It was a known place, which was visited and forsaken.
He did not set the ship on fire because he was afraid
That its flames could be seen by the pirates; he did not sink it
'Cause they could dive to the sea's bottom to find the treasure's shade.
To make them think that one of them betrayed was in a fit,
Fargo took one of their boats and returned to the shore.
Then, they continued to go while avoiding the main path.
They stopped walking to look at the seagulls starting to soar.
They entered an old olive grove shining in the daylight bath.
Following their narrow route to the right, they found a fragrant
Grove of tall eucalyptus trees; they saw the shepherds' trail,
Which was cobbled and flanked by stonewalls, '' Our life became vagrant, ''
Said Carla; Erica replied, '' my strength begins to fail.''
'' Look at these flowers of asphodel! They are beautiful, ''
Said Maya; Erica replied, '' these dark cypress trees are
An inviting resting place; '' you must be powerful, ''
Said Fargo, '' because to find a village, we have to go far.''
At the top end of this rocky land, they turned left to enter
A small, agricultural zone that was planted with
Cereals and having some plots of chickpeas in its center.
Some goats were drinking water from a reservoir, ''It's a myth, ''
Said Surak; they drank water together with the goats
And washed their faces; after crossing the road, the saw
The church tower of the village near the plots of oats.
They bought an old stone manor house when the night started to draw.
(Fargo went to find a priest for Bellas funeral. He came back with a promise for the next day. They started to eat in silence.)
(To be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Whack rappers don't fuck with the best
Creep up in your house with a black backpack
And a TAC vest, plant two knives in your chest
Leave you bleeding and unconscious, like the rest
My bars explode like hand grenades
Words more bitter than no-sugar Kool-Aid
These listeners press play, and it's end game
No money you could pay could bring you this fame
By the end of this verse, nobody will know your name
Another little faceless wannabe
go back to rappin with the Aint-Never-gonna-Be's
This for a fact I know,
that when I see you next, you'll be ringing me up at Cotsco
Or you could try and contend with me
Have you hangin' in a musty room,
Getting beaten with a broken broom
I won't tell you what your future entails
Short of it involving lots of blood spatter and entrails
Wrap you in a blanket, blacker than a flag a pirate sails
Send your family severed fingers in the mail
Take forever and a day to find you
Desecrated and punctured with a thousand nails
Buckets of your blood, fillin' up a hundred pails
Cut you into pieces, fit you in a babies cradle
Serve your brains as an entree, get the ladle
As you can see, I'm eliminating the competition
If you wish you could keep up with me, shit...
Better keep wishin'.
Didn't catch something like a halo hidden in the dusty clouds?<em>
A well described place, this "heaven," you search for as in vain,
</em>Perhaps like a modern pirate with a compass which faces due south,<em>
They'll find what they seek, even if it means innocent life is slain.
</em>This is it, patriots! Trashed ghetto awaits in the biggest cities,<em>
Out of site out of mind! I will STILL find my peace of the pie,
</em>Richer dreams we seek in the earth, to hold and have, so pretty,<em>
For now-at the cost of anything-it's our "innocent" man-made right.
</em>But all of this commotion that brings so much confusion,<em>
We'll see clearly what is considered to be conceived as a blessing,
</em>A miracle of speaking, this way of making awkward confession,<em>
It seems to make us feel better to find a sign, it must be missing.
</em>X marks the spot! "We've found out" that it's hidden in the dunes,<em>
Beneath the limitless dusty despair there will come an answer,
</em>In time we'll make it to this place just not far beyond all moons,*
Even if it takes living a life-like lie that's a deadly nightmare cancer.
This my first joint, I'll get to the point
I AM's Phiwrit and I am 'bout to anoint
The mic, spell it right, Phiwrit
That's a Pirate written in Phi glyphs
P-H-I W-R-I-T
Rhyme in Peace to my man Zoe Cassidy
'bout to go H.A.M Bohemian Rhaps on me
If you're feelin' sweet get the tooth to cracking
Lift your heel of feet with Root Beer and Kraken
Coming in bombastic elastic Tentacle Bukkake
Fantastically drastic one hint none-at-all could stop me
If I want to float I'll drop ice cream
No flaunt or gloat will stop my dream
Jew Kid LuSiD O sleep walking
New bid you hid so stop talking
I'm not off nodding, just bar soldering
Together a word weapon for bard's slaughtering
Of Weak emcees get weak in knees, fodder sing
it loud. Smoke it proud if allowed oughta bring
A pound to smoke, and a pound for blokes
my pound drops you choke I'll make that coke
I Am's famished lamb through whom He spoke
I Am's alchemist hand so Jew's suit bespoke
Isn't it beautiful! "What is he woke?"
This isn't conscious rap what g wrote
What you need notes I just take tokes
Spin reel raw this kid veal real spoke
Isn't it beautiful! "What is he woke?"
This isn't conscious rap what g wrote
What you need notes I just take tokes
Spin reel raw this kid veal real spoke
Who the fuck is this enraging Holy Spirit towards
scorn in the crack of dawning
'bout to leave your whole fam mourning
swipe the gold from your lies,
leave you weak emcees to die
This the verbal molotov, tongue's a cunning kalishnokov
No rushing for roulette without 32 red spot
leave your tops popped off minus the maseltov
watch your Bay, Hasselhoff, don't try to hassle, nah,
on the stripper pole I'll smack your nipple tassels off
Strip you whole rip a new hole raw
Your crew give this Jew hip-hop-hoorah
pass the hookah bowl has a whole oz of opium
Pass the hash on ash let's get to toking some
I ain't a quaint token bet but a vet potent sum
I got 99 balloons you ain't yet poking one
Sit your ass down son, no tsun-tsu
But by now you can tell I've son'd you
I know exactly who's behind who fund you
But I Am too into my grind to even run you
Sit your ass down son, no tsun-tsu
But by now you can tell I've son'd you
I know exactly who's behind who fund you
But I Am too into my grind to even run you
I've been raped, torture taped up, agape; Sup!
Five my brown eye violated, by a guy I hate, uhg,
then my mind grind down by amphetamine design.
Pedophile thought wiles stomp step-son's shine,
18 years later survived, re-up, rep RUN, thrive.
My steel guise steal eyes of these evil powers,
Though it been a while still hold my inner child.
Real cold, don't feel bold, though my soul Israel gold,
Brought to keel o'er by Toyota RAV4 Leaf Blower.
I Am Leaf Hear Me Roar, the poem I wrote before
Back in grade 6. Yo I was hated, knew I was fated,
My mind, God made it, memory faded, spirit elated.
These lines, amazing, aether affinity pacing.
Style Simpletons simply speak sprocket simile
My mild meta-core makes metaphor mechanically
Alas all abysmal alliteration alludes automatically
Don't point your automat at me in laundromat
Don't pack no gat bust rust carry on, yo, hepcats
Nothing you send my way disuades or set back
I'll keep spitting until I get my ass back
Don't point your automat at me in laundromat
Don't pack no gat bust rust carry on, yo, hepcats
Nothing you send my way disuades or set back
I'll keep spitting until I get my ass back
(Home...)
As I roam and write in my dome's tome
This just a piece that I've shown
OM
She was always scared of moths when she was younger.
It wasn't their weak fluttering wings,
Or their lack of color,
Or the way they swarmed the porch light
Like pirates to it's gold glow.
It was the way that
When you crushed them,
There was no blood,
No sign of pain.
Only the thin film of dust sitting heavy on your palm,
Speaking in a dull whisper
Of the life you took,
And she was scared by that.
Because she never understood how easily a living thing could turn to nothing.
Until that day.
Until that boy,
Who took her between his palms,
Turning her to dust
And sweeping her under the rug.
Something,
And then nothing.
She was always drawn to light.
That's how she found the boy because
To her he seemed warm,
To her he seemed trustworthy,
To her he seemed like a friend.
There was no white van,
No stranger danger.
He didn't lure her in with lies of a lost dog,
Like her parents promised would happen
If she dared leave the front porch step.
Her parents,
They always thought that she'd become a butterfly,
But she was always too colorless,
Too careless,
Too trusting in a light that she never knew was artificial
Until she saw it leave his eyes,
Black
And staring down at her,
Ready to turn her to nothing.
She was too weak to fly away.
He made sure she knew that,
Just like he made sure she was properly wiped away,
No gray mark and no reminder,
No evidence of what had happened because her silence was ensured.
Is still ensured.
But I can see it in her,
Her desire to step out from the rug,
Into the light,
To spread her wings like the butterfly,
The woman,
Her parents would have wanted her to be.
She is not a statistic and
She will not let herself be another tally mark on a page
Or the dust on his palms,
She will not let herself become nothing.
Sometimes,
Things are drawn to light because the same thing is burning deep inside of them,
Nothing,
And then something again.
Smoke tokes out of the monkey's head, embers embellish empathic light enlightening gypsy nymphs from miles around, a glowing lighthouse haven heaven in nirvana massages lavender bubbles upon pores restoring strength to warriors of the rainbow tribe."<em>
<strong>Wind rustles with us...</strong>
</em>Stay grounded, you're found before you're even lost. Some get tossed and turned by the sea, but a smooth one never created a skilled pirate with third-eye versatile switch-blade heartbeat ink scribed on blood-vessel maps, following the soul tattoos and taboo time scars along with the azurite lightning stars shooting in our brain.*
<strong>Time stops sometimes...</strong>
<em>Seasons change DNA re-arranges as we grow goin' with our own flow down the subconscious ocean, sometimes watchin' sunsets into a haze of sweet rum sweat and green cigarette peacetime sufi twirling our conscious to the north star crown chakra.</em>
**Love is. Always.
We're sleeping with sunburns,
chasing the moon-
need some maps to believe in
and for this curse to end soon.
Modern day gypsies;
leaping to fall-
cameras and mirrors
aint no forsight at all.
Galloping pirates,
stealing for the rush-
our sea is cobblestone
our spirits are crushed.
Floating in the
sea of salty tears
I find myself crying,
myself wearing,
through the endless
journey of gone
Blood and bones made
at every corner of this ship
across this mischievous town
Why do I keep floating,
when I can sink within
the clotting of my pain?
We still travel
as we kept to unravel
things that were
always empty
We're like ghost ships;
leaving, disappearing
without any
trace nor marks
Ships sway - <em>sparrows elate</em>, enticing these pirates to de-pixelate
"Lady, I love you," his lucid dream groaned, as a placard reconstitutes anything known
"And sure, we all know that you like to get stoned," lamenting the impact they left on your bones
"Smoke up," lily's imply that gazing at stars is a great way to die
Dockside - <em>resident scum</em>, shoring these bodies for needles and rum
<em>Cesspool</em> - staggered and thin, "Pretty sure she's gotta penchant for skin".
Too late, "I just wanna sleep," but these spheres keep on plunging me into the deep
"Wake up," It's finally day - *deformed in impossible cubes anyway
Ships, boats, seafaring vessels, and barks of yore
Showcased in acclaimed poetry
From Homer to Donne to Flores
Metaphors to represent sundry notions
Ships
Uncontrollably swirled in an unforgiving sea
An arc
persecuting the sinners damned
A shipwreck
on a desolate island, defining a lost soul
A speed boat
Perhaps, mans' innate desire to escape
Or searching for lands unknown
What marvels poets behold in ships?
If I scribed a verse about a yonder vessel
It would be a childish innuendo
About a ships mast
Or I'd make an astounding observation
Such as ships are big boats.
However, poets, true visionaries
Scope massive ships from
Microscopic aspects of daily life.
And I. . . I look at a powerful ship
And think I'm a little dingy.
If you're an ocean
I'm lost at sea
Shipwrecked
Abandoning all I know
Your current
Sweeps me away
My eyes vanish
Beneath your waves
They said just one, and you'll fly,
Free forever, never to die,
A little dust, and into the sky,
Second to the right, straight on all night.
There you'll find freedom, there you'll find life,
Never to age, never to cry.
But all my happy thoughts flew away.
Now I'm just lost,
Still acting like a little boy, still running from pirates.
Know why they call it Neverland?
Because it's never coming back.
It was never there at all,
And it never will be.
Wendy started nursing school,
The Captain died from cancer,
The Boys left town, the pirates retired,
The fun is over, the thrill is gone.
John's a lawyer, Michael's a drunk,
Tinker bell's taking selfies from her new Mercedes,
The crocodile's chewing the fat off tourists in his nature preserve.
You know why they call it Neverland?
Because you never should have left.
Now we're all just shadows.
We grew up, when we swore we'd rather die.
They caught me, now I'm just a shadow.
They made me a man.
I see patterns in these lives recurring habits of mean guys, unspoken lies yet to come. Freedom in a jug of a thirsty government ,torments of a silence war path : ships and pirates ;police and sirens ; bullies and violence ; nerds and violins ; birds and flying ; me and writing
what meets the eye is more then I could see , more then i could be, I reveal strangers from a strange house appereing with shocked eyes as the systems bleeds lies and the government pukes fire.
Views from up top
innocent people get braaied, and crimnals raise a glass of fine wine
See we live in a world of....
A world where you choose to be the head or the tail , a world of titles , a world of humans against humans , a world of white vs black , a world of blue vs red a world of reality vs bed , a world of the poor vs those who get paid, a world of philosophers vs dumb heads. see rasicm is still alive its just hidden from inside what a scary facade.
I see everything.
Views from up top
STRANDED
I was captured by pirates
I was used as a slave
Not a single thing to do but behave
I miraculously escaped their clutches
I thought I had landed
On perhaps an island
But found out that I was
Stranded
There is a voice inside my head.
When I am trying my hardest to concentrate
I often lose track of attention
A voice,
Not my voice
Whispers
Nothing big or scary
It only plugs my attention
It resets
I forget what I was thinking, or talking about.
The voice stole my line of thought
Hid it in the treasure of a pirate map
Who we hypnotised by mermaids
It embitters me
Forms difficulties during arguments.
And it makes me feel less in control about myself
It is as if life has set limitations for me
That I feel I cannot cross
If I were a mermaid
I would leave the brave pirates from drowning
And swallowing their soul
I would remember and gently guide them to shoal
Remember
I sit to the left of a lonely man.
He is smiling wider then the ocean can stretch.
He is french.
Wrinkled.
Glowing.
We have come to the topsham fair.
Strange creatures pass and we gaze at them,
Talking about how funny or pretty or different they are.
We eat french fries.
He looks down.
"Your grandmother never ate skins on potatoes. She was old fashioned."
"You must of ate a ton of em then, huh?"
"Oh yeah, all kinds."
Two girls around 20 skip on by
Short denim dresses,
Bright red lipstick,
Candy apple shoes.
"Back in my day i'd be chasing those little girls all over the place. Now half the time they're chasing you!" I laugh
"Yeah, I have fun papa, not as much as you had though"
"I thought i'd find some old geezers like me but they aren't here."
"Well I'm sure they're around. let's go find some."
We get off the bench
walk a ways.
His cane clicking on the old tar.
We stopped to watch a young boy laugh on the pirate ship.
It swings him up high
He screams and giggles.
We smile up at him.
Watch his mother put hands to her mouth and heart attack.
We come across a bench with two grey haired men and an empty seat.
"Can I sit here?"
"Oh come on down!"
Papa, well,
He starts talking about the good old days.
"My wife passed away four months ago."
He talks to the grey haired men.
As they make conversation,
I realize, there's a reason us lonely men stick together.
We get it, Sometimes.
You just need to talk about the pain
like it's just something that happened.
If you keep saying it.
You can remember it.
You can be there for awhile.
Instead of here.
Instead of lonely.
Lonely men love stories.
We love hearing stories.
We love telling our stories.
If a lonely man tells you his story.
Listen.
I fall through a
wave of turquoise blossoms
and
white gardenia foam
and I toss against
cold silver rocks
and settle on
a peach coral home.
I find my love inside
My Own.
My Own rhyme.
My Own reason.
My Own flow.
I will wear
rosy seashells
in my brown curly hair.
I will sing
from my crystal dream
cove.
Spanish pirates
will play
their guitars for me.
I am the Queen
of my own Reality.
Come sailing to
my shore, I plead,
but only if you
bow to me.
Once I was dead,
a Goddess was freed...
A Sea Queen of Ambiguity.
My boat is broken.
Pieced together from shipwrecks I've caused
Pieced together with the wretched lives I've taken.
Ancient decrepit wood
nailed on in disjointed configurations.
Puzzle pieces that don't quite fit right.
My flags are tattered and torn
black, and ghostlike
barely strung together
and hanging from mangled masts.
On the bow is a twisted Stygian crow
holding an ancient quill pen
bleeding obsidian black ink into the ocean
surrounding my boat
Turning the water as black as the death I cause
The air surrounding my ship is an icy cold blue air
almost too thin and cold to breath.
I am Cap'n <em>Ghost Lee Waters</em>.
long black tangled beard
hollow sunken eyes rimmed with aching death.
I move in frozen desecrations and icy darkness
I move towards you with murderous intent
And soon you will be within my grip
And you will feed my ship.
Who would not laugh, if Lawrence, hired to grace
His costly canvas with each flattered face,
Abused his art, till Nature, with a blush,
Saw cits grow Centaurs underneath his brush?
Or, should some limner join, for show or sale,
A Maid of Honour to a Mermaids tail?
Or low Dubostas once the world has seen
Degrade Gods creatures in his graphic spleen?
Not all that forced politeness, which defends
Fools in their faults, could gag his grinning friends.
Believe me, Moschus, like that picture seems
The book which, sillier than a sick mans dreams,
Displays a crowd of figures incomplete,
Poetic Nightmares, without head or feet.
Poets and painters, as all artists know,
May shoot a little with a lengthened bow;
We claim this mutual mercy for our task,
And grant in turn the pardon which we ask;
But make not monsters spring from gentle dams
Birds breed not vipers, tigers nurse not lambs.
A laboured, long Exordium, sometimes tends
(Like patriot speeches) but to paltry ends;
And nonsense in a lofty note goes down,
As Pertness passes with a legal gown:
Thus many a Bard describes in pompous strain
The clear brook babbling through the goodly plain:
The groves of Granta, and her Gothic halls,
Kings Coll-Cams stream-stained windows, and old walls:
Or, in adventurous numbers, neatly aims
To paint a rainbow, or the river Thames.
You sketch a tree, and so perhaps may shine
But daub a shipwreck like an alehouse sign;
You plan a vaseit dwindles to a pot;
Then glide down Grub-streetfasting and forgot:
Laughed into Lethe by some quaint Review,
Whose wit is never troublesome tilltrue.
In fine, to whatsoever you aspire,
Let it at least be simple and entire.
The greater portion of the rhyming tribe
(Give ear, my friend, for thou hast been a scribe)
Are led astray by some peculiar lure.
I labour to be briefbecome obscure;
One falls while following Elegance too fast;
Another soars, inflated with Bombast;
Too low a third crawls on, afraid to fly,
He spins his subject to Satiety;
Absurdly varying, he at last engraves
Fish in the woods, and boars beneath the waves!
Unless your cares exact, your judgment nice,
The flight from Folly leads but into Vice;
None are complete, all wanting in some part,
Like certain tailors, limited in art.
For galligaskins Slowshears is your man
But coats must claim another artisan.
Now this to me, I own, seems much the same
As Vulcans feet to bear Apollos frame;
Or, with a fair complexion, to expose
Black eyes, black ringlets, buta bottle nose!
Dear Authors! suit your topics to your strength,
And ponder well your subject, and its length;
Nor lift your load, before youre quite aware
What weight your shoulders will, or will not, bear.
But lucid Order, and Wits siren voice,
Await the Poet, skilful in his choice;
With native Eloquence he soars along,
Grace in his thoughts, and Music in his song.
Let Judgment teach him wisely to combine
With future parts the now omitted line:
This shall the Author choose, or that reject,
Precise in style, and cautious to select;
Nor slight applause will candid pens afford
To him who furnishes a wanting word.
Then fear not, if tis needful, to produce
Some term unknown, or obsolete in use,
(As Pitt has furnished us a word or two,
Which Lexicographers declined to do;)
So you indeed, with care,(but be content
To take this license rarely)may invent.
New words find credit in these latter days,
If neatly grafted on a Gallic phrase;
What Chaucer, Spenser did, we scarce refuse
To Drydens or to Popes maturer Muse.
If you can add a little, say why not,
As well as William Pitt, and Walter Scott?
Since they, by force of rhyme and force of lungs,
Enriched our Islands ill-united tongues;
Tis thenand shall belawful to present
Reform in writing, as in Parliament.
As forests shed their foliage by degrees,
So fade expressions which in season please;
And we and ours, alas! are due to Fate,
And works and words but dwindle to a date.
Though as a Monarch nods, and Commerce calls,
Impetuous rivers stagnate in canals;
Though swamps subdued, and marshes drained, sustain
The heavy ploughshare and the yellow grain,
And rising ports along the busy shore
Protect the vessel from old Oceans roar,
All, all, must perish; but, surviving last,
The love of Letters half preserves the past.
True, some decay, yet not a few revive;
Though those shall sink, which now appear to thrive,
As Custom arbitrates, whose shifting sway
Our life and language must alike obey.
The immortal wars which Gods and Angels wage,
Are they not shown in Miltons sacred page?
His strain will teach what numbers best belong
To themes celestial told in Epic song.
The slow, sad stanza will correctly paint
The Lovers anguish, or the Friends complaint.
But which deserves the LaurelRhyme or Blank?
Which holds on Helicon the higher rank?
Let squabbling critics by themselves dispute
This point, as puzzling as a Chancery suit.
Satiric rhyme first sprang from selfish spleen.
You doubtsee Dryden, Pope, St. Patricks Dean.
Blank verse is now, with one consent, allied
To Tragedy, and rarely quits her side.
Though mad Almanzor rhymed in Drydens days,
No sing-song Hero rants in modern plays;
Whilst modest Comedy her verse foregoes
For jest and pun in very middling prose.
Not that our Bens or Beaumonts show the worse,
Or lose one point, because they wrote in verse.
But so Thalia pleases to appear,
Poor Virgin! damned some twenty times a year!
Whateer the scene, let this advice have weight:
Adapt your language to your Heros state.
At times Melpomene forgets to groan,
And brisk Thalia takes a serious tone;
Nor unregarded will the act pass by
Where angry Townly lifts his voice on high.
Again, our Shakespeare limits verse to Kings,
When common prose will serve for common things;
And lively Hal resigns heroic ire,
To hollaing Hotspur and his sceptred sire.
Tis not enough, ye Bards, with all your art,
To polish poems; they must touch the heart:
Whereer the scene be laid, whateer the song,
Still let it bear the hearers soul along;
Command your audience or to smile or weep,
Whicheer may please youanything but sleep.
The Poet claims our tears; but, by his leave,
Before I shed them, let me see him grieve.
If banished Romeo feigned nor sigh nor tear,
Lulled by his languor, I could sleep or sneer.
Sad words, no doubt, become a serious face,
And men look angry in the proper place.
At double meanings folks seem wondrous sly,
And Sentiment prescribes a pensive eye;
For Nature formed at first the inward man,
And actors copy Naturewhen they can.
She bids the beating heart with rapture bound,
Raised to the Stars, or levelled with the ground;
And for Expressions aid, tis said, or sung,
She gave our minds interpreterthe tongue,
Who, worn with use, of late would fain dispense
(At least in theatres) with common sense;
Oerwhelm with sound the Boxes, Gallery, Pit,
And raise a laugh with anythingbut Wit.
To skilful writers it will much import,
Whence spring their scenes, from common life or Court;
Whether they seek applause by smile or tear,
To draw a Lying Valet, or a Lear,
A sage, or rakish youngster wild from school,
A wandering Peregrine, or plain John Bull;
All persons please when Natures voice prevails,
Scottish or Irish, born in Wilts or Wales.
Or follow common fame, or forge a plot;
Who cares if mimic heroes lived or not!
One precept serves to regulate the scene:
Make it appear as if it might have been.
If some Drawcansir you aspire to draw,
Present him raving, and above all law:
If female furies in your scheme are planned,
Macbeths fierce dame is ready to your hand;
For tears and treachery, for good and evil,
Constance, King Richard, Hamlet, and the Devil!
But if a new design you dare essay,
And freely wander from the beaten way,
True to your characters, till all be past,
Preserve consistency from first to last.
Tis hard to venture where our betters fail,
Or lend fresh interest to a twice-told tale;
And yet, perchance,tis wiser to prefer
A hackneyed plot, than choose a new, and err;
Yet copy not too closely, but record,
More justly, thought for thought than word for word;
Nor trace your Prototype through narrow ways,
But only follow where he merits praise.
For you, young Bard! whom luckless fate may lead
To tremble on the nod of all who read,
Ere your first score of cantos Time unrolls,
Bewarefor Gods sake, dont begin like Bowles!
Awake a louder and a loftier strain,
And pray, what follows from his boiling brain?
He sinks to Southeys level in a trice,
Whose Epic Mountains never fail in mice!
Not so of yore awoke your mighty Sire
The tempered warblings of his master-lyre;
Soft as the gentler breathing of the lute,
Of Mans first disobedience and the fruit
He speaks, but, as his subject swells along,
Earth, Heaven, and Hades echo with the song.
Still to the midst of things he hastens on,
As if we witnessed all already done;
Leaves on his path whatever seems too mean
To raise the subject, or adorn the scene;
Gives, as each page improves upon the sight,
Not smoke from brightness, but from darknesslight;
And truth and fiction with such art compounds,
We know not where to fix their several bounds.
If you would please the Public, deign to hear
What soothes the many-headed monsters ear:
If your heart triumph when the hands of all
Applaud in thunder at the curtains fall,
Deserve those plauditsstudy Natures page,
And sketch the striking traits of every age;
While varying Man and varying years unfold
Lifes little tale, so oft, so vainly told;
Observe his simple childhoods dawning days,
His pranks, his prate, his playmates, and his plays:
Till time at length the mannish tyro weans,
And prurient vice outstrips his tardy teens!
Behold him Freshman! forced no more to groan
Oer Virgils devilish verses and his own;
Prayers are too tedious, Lectures too abstruse,
He flies from Tavells frown to Fordhams Mews;
(Unlucky Tavell! doomed to daily cares
By pugilistic pupils, and by bears,)
Fines, Tutors, tasks, Conventions threat in vain,
Before hounds, hunters, and Newmarket Plain.
Rough with his elders, with his equals rash,
Civil to sharpers, prodigal of cash;
Constant to noughtsave hazard and a whore,
Yet cursing bothfor both have made him sore:
Unread (unless since books beguile disease,
The Px becomes his passage to Degrees);
Fooled, pillaged, dunned, he wastes his terms away,
And unexpelled, perhaps, retires M.A.;
Master of Arts! as hells and clubs proclaim,
Where scarce a blackleg bears a brighter name!
Launched into life, extinct his early fire,
He apes the selfish prudence of his Sire;
Marries for money, chooses friends for rank,
Buys land, and shrewdly trusts not to the Bank;
Sits in the Senate; gets a son and heir;
Sends him to Harrowfor himself was there.
Mute, though he votes, unless when called to cheer,
His sons so sharphell see the dog a Peer!
Manhood declinesAge palsies every limb;
He quits the sceneor else the scene quits him;
Scrapes wealth, oer each departing penny grieves,
And Avarice seizes all Ambition leaves;
Counts cent per cent, and smiles, or vainly frets,
Oer hoards diminished by young Hopefuls debts;
Weighs well and wisely what to sell or buy,
Complete in all lifes lessonsbut to die;
Peevish and spiteful, doting, hard to please,
Commending every time, save times like these;
Crazed, querulous, forsaken, half forgot,
Expires unweptis buriedLet him rot!
But from the Drama let me not digress,
Nor spare my precepts, though they please you less.
Though Woman weep, and hardest hearts are stirred,
When what is done is rather seen than heard,
Yet many deeds preserved in Historys page
Are better told than acted on the stage;
The ear sustains what shocks the timid eye,
And Horror thus subsides to Sympathy,
True Briton all beside, I here am French
Bloodshed tis surely better to retrench:
The gladiatorial gore we teach to flow
In tragic scenes disgusts though but in show;
We hate the carnage while we see the trick,
And find small sympathy in being sick.
Not on the stage the regicide Macbeth
Appals an audience with a Monarchs death;
To gaze when sable Hubert threats to sear
Young Arthurs eyes, can ours or Nature bear?
A haltered heroine Johnson sought to slay
We saved Irene, but half damned the play,
And (Heaven be praised!) our tolerating times
Stint Metamorphoses to Pantomimes;
And Lewis self, with all his sprites, would quake
To change Earl Osmonds negro to a snake!
Because, in scenes exciting joy or grief,
We loathe the action which exceeds belief:
And yet, God knows! what may not authors do,
Whose Postscripts prate of dyeing heroines blue?
Above all things, Dan Poet, if you can,
Eke out your acts, I pray, with mortal man,
Nor call a ghost, unless some cursed scrape
Must open ten trap-doors for your escape.
Of all the monstrous things Id fain forbid,
I loathe an Opera worse than Dennis did;
Where good and evil persons, right or wrong,
Rage, love, and aught but moralisein song.
Hail, last memorial of our foreign friends,
Which Gaul allows, and still Hesperia lends!
Napoleons edicts no embargo lay
On whoresspiessingerswisely shipped away.
Our giant Capital, whose squares are spread
Where rustics earned, and now may beg, their bread,
In all iniquity is grown so nice,
It scorns amusements which are not of price.
Hence the pert shopkeeper, whose throbbing ear
Aches with orchestras which he pays to hear,
Whom shame, not sympathy, forbids to snore,
His anguish doubling by his own encore;
Squeezed in Fops Alley, jostled by the beaux,
Teased with his hat, and trembling for his toes;
Scarce wrestles through the night, nor tastes of ease,
Till the dropped curtain gives a glad release:
Why this, and more, he sufferscan ye guess?
Because it costs him dear, and makes him dress!
So prosper eunuchs from Etruscan schools;
Give us but fiddlers, and theyre sure of fools!
Ere scenes were played by many a reverend clerk,
(What harm, if David danced before the ark?)
In Christmas revels, simple country folks
Were pleased with morrice-mummry and coarse jokes.
Improving years, with things no longer known,
Produced blithe Punch and merry Madame Joan,
Who still frisk on with feats so lewdly low,
Tis strange Benvolio suffers such a show;
Suppressing peer! to whom each vice gives place,
Oaths, boxing, beggingall, save rout and race.
Farce followed Comedy, and reached her prime,
In ever-laughing Footes fantastic time:
Mad wag! who pardoned none, nor spared the best,
And turned some very serious things to jest.
Nor Church nor State escaped his public sneers,
Arms nor the GownPriestsLawyersVolunteers:
Alas, poor Yorick! now for ever mute!
Whoever loves a laugh must sigh for Foote.
We smile, perforce, when histrionic scenes
Ape the swoln dialogue of Kings and Queens,
When Crononhotonthologos must die,
And Arthur struts in mimic majesty.
Moschus! with whom once more I hope to sit,
And smile at folly, if we cant at wit;
Yes, Friend! for thee Ill quit my cynic cell,
And bear Swifts motto, Vive la bagatelle!
Which charmed our days in each gean clime,
As oft at home, with revelry and rhyme.
Then may Euphrosyne, who sped the past,
Soothe thy Lifes scenes, nor leave thee in the last;
But find in thinelike pagan Platos bed,
Some merry Manuscript of Mimes, when dead.
Now to the Drama let us bend our eyes,
Where fettered by whig Walpole low she lies;
Corruption foiled her, for she feared her glance;
Decorum left her for an Opera dance!
Yet Chesterfield, whose polished pen inveighs
Gainst laughter, fought for freedom to our Plays;
Unchecked by Megrims of patrician brains,
And damning Dulness of Lord Chamberlains.
Repeal that act! again let Humour roam
Wild oer the stageweve time for tears at home;
Let Archer plant the horns on Sullens brows,
And Estifania gull her Copper spouse;
The morals scantbut that may be excused,
Men go not to be lectured, but amused.
He whom our plays dispose to Good or Ill
Must wear a head in want of Willis skill;
Aye, but Macheaths examp
In the time of poets, I was a pirate sailing free out on the sea.
There wasn't a soul on this whole damn Earth that ever got the best of me.
I drank, I smoked, I fucked, and I ate as I ran this master scam.
I lived like a king from other's things and never gave a damn.
I prefer to shirk mine as the days go on,
But always make sure to mow the lawn,
And do the dishes and rake the leaves,
And always, <strong>Always</strong> eat my peas,
But I swear... <em>I swear</em> on this dumb ol' planet,
In my thirteen years on this earth Damn it---
---Hey! Stop! say you're sorry!
No cursing! No cursing! I'm gunna tell mommy!
If you tattle on me, I'll curse you in the head!
And in a couple weeks, I swear you'll be dead!
Fine I won't tell, but call off your voodoo,
I dont wanna die! Boohoo! Boohoo!
Hey, buddy. Im sorry, see?
No, I would never curse you, why we're on the same team!
It's you and me versus the world!
And hey we can go sailing later, with a pirate flag unfurled!
Sniff. well yea alright I see,
Do you mean it, the team? Just you and me?
Thats right my man, just us two!
We'll do whatever we want, just me and you.
Look at that, you're smiling already!
Now stand up steady, smell that? Dinner is almost ready!
.
Underwater illusions
rocked the
oceanic cities.
Jagged shark teeth
gnash
at the darkness.
Gale force winds
hurl sporadic starlight
like anchors
through crashing waves.
A rocky undersea tempest
pitches a bluish-green spray
stinging the dying
pirates' skin.
Rabid waves foam
at the mouth
as lightning illuminates
every creatures eyes and teeth.
A vicious pitch-black
war waged
from the mouth of
judgment.

Then
an earthquake
swallowed
the ocean.





.
I am the bastard son of Nero,
the sad product of licentiousness.
A fact about my life
that I should really mention less.
My mother was a famous Queen
or so it is that I am told.
Unable to acknowledge me,
to the slavers I was sold.
But pirates attacked our galley
a few miles out to sea.
Bold, daring, fearsome men,
their life appealed to me.
Plundering, fighting on a ship,
I loved the pirates life.
Until one day I floundered
and took me a beautiful wife.
She bore me two boys and a girl,
I gave them all my affection.
Mourning the loss of my childhood,
my severed parental connection.
The children grew and flew the nest,
so leaving just two alone.
Then the plague paid a visit,
my grief weighs heavy for my home.
So now I am just a humble poet,
Withdrawn and cold, but serene.
Throwing words at a paper audience,
waiting patient for the final scene.
Well, wait there a while longer,
this bastard is not quite done.
I am not so ready to die just now,
that epilogue is yet to come.
Pagan Paul (19/04/17)
She kept the jar on the mantelpiece,
Our Grandma, Eleanor Flood,
A plain ceramic with just one flaw
A cross that was scrawled in blood.
We didnt know what she kept in there,
Wed ask, but shed never tell,
She merely said if we opened it
Our souls would go straight to hell.
It sat forever above the hearth
And stared at us as we ate,
My sister said it was filled with earth
Scraped up from somebodys grate.
I thought it might hold a pile of coins
Of Spanish Dollars and gold,
Id read so much about gold doubloons
In pirate stories of old.
But Grandma Eleanor pursed her lips
Each time that we asked her why,
We couldnt look and we couldnt touch,
Shed sit, and stare at the sky.
You vex me, child, she would often say,
Youd tempt the devil to tire,
Your parents left me to care for you,
The day they died in the fire.
She used that story to shut us up,
She knew to pile on the guilt,
She made us pay for each bite and sup
By shaming us to the hilt.
She made it seem like a deadly chore
To have to cater for us,
My life, she said, should have been much more,
Not that I like to fuss.
Wed often ask about Grandpa Joe,
Ask what had happened to him?
Her eyes would turn to a fiery glow,
He died in a state of sin.
She wouldnt tell us what he had done,
What got her into a state,
We looked for signs that shed loved him once,
But all that we saw was hate.
The house was heated from down below
A furnace under the floor,
Id have to feed it with coal and coke
Id bring from the coal house store.
Shed make me empty the pale grey ash
And scatter it on the stones,
Out in the garden, by the trash,
And next to a heap of bones.
She said that Grandpa had kept a dog,
And fed it on butchers bones,
Then threw them out by the fallen log
And next to the pathway stones.
My sister said they were burned and black
And like theyd been in a fire,
We wouldnt have dared to answer back
Or call our Grandma a liar.
One day, while dusting the mantelpiece
The jar had crashed, and it burst,
The sound of shattering porcelain
Drowned out our Grandmothers curse.
For spilling out of the broken jar
Was a pile of ash in the light,
And sitting there was a skull as well,
Along with the ash, bleached white.
Then Grandma let out a weird wail
And fell, to kneel on the floor,
She stared, and the skull was staring back
To tear at her cold hearts core.
Why have you come to haunt and stare,
She cried, then toppled and fell,
Down on her face as her heart gave out,
Sending her soul to hell.
Two jars now sit on the mantelpiece
Of Joe and Eleanor Flood,
A matching pair, and each with a cross
I carefully smeared with blood.
I shovelled her through the furnace door
And later, raked out the ash,
While now theres a growing pile of bones
In the garden, next to the trash.
David Lewis Paget
There's a stone around my leg.
It was like the summer had no road that lead to a lesser sun.
we strolled through the birth of the world
murdering calm with our chat
and slept beneath pecan trees with lazy gnats
for clouds... summoning snow
for our deep reveries... while holding hands
like pirates that love better now
than then... but I'm remembering how we were.
thick in my head
like a slow beast
whose harp is enchanted
and whose days
are the minutes
i confused.
Children, youth,
Raised on fables,
Of heroes and treasure,
Pirates sailing high and wide seas,
Finding beast of land,
Islands lost to the sea,
Of mythic beasts,
Cyclops and Dragons.
Mayhaps the child,
raised on myth and stories of magic,
Should be given,
Time to dream,
Before his spirit,
Is broken.
BAS
All cased up as new as can be
Women are not the only one
With their cell phone's
Like men are the only
Wild Thang
How her heart sings
How it brings us
to move us
Or slows us down
Always he is mighty fit She's the case trim
The cell sun yellow chevy-rim
Cell baby racing the American flag
Way over our100-speed limit
I have 90 days to claim
Another dream that cell
Go-Hollywood don't be a nag
Sunset Boulevard lights hit a snag
What claims do I have security
heavy tears of his weight
Those chicks to be raised on
Animal farm jumped neigh
Mr. Mcdonald E- I- am E-book
I-OU your cell phone please sigh
I summarize everything
That rings us like a childbirth
In a crib now men all hub teeth
Or the millionaire mansion their cribs
This isn't a game like ((Women lib))
Smart side sunny side
Benedict Arnold bread and eggs
Jet lag what conflict's
No luck not even Mike and Ike
My expensive cell phone took a hike
I met Chuck Titanic ship- cell-tip gift
of gabtalker those homewreckers
One decent sip Cyberbabe streaming
Her web-Pirate-eyes stole away
Starbuck's became Lil Deb cell phone
falls in-between rippedcar seat
The erogenous heat his fingers were
so caught in your middle ring tunes
Only the lonely the one song
Gave her the Willies just chill
Hot tune Billy Idol White
Paper embossed the wedding chaser
That day he was dreading every voice
sound loser
So mind blowing falling phones
silver tarnished
She was singing it's my party
I will cry if I want to
He picked himself up vanished
You would pry too if this
happened to you the devil
But it has been a long cell ride
With ((Johnny Angel)) how she loves
how he uses her phone destroys her
The Joker of I- ringtones
And she hoped one day he would
feel the same doing voice overs
But her cell phone caught
his fire flame
He was head cocked
Two jailbirds wherever we go
whatever we do we will always be locked
Together or even when we're through
The virus of germs mouth to mouth
Those higher-ups techs flying south
Memories dates and text intertwined in both
The lovemaking erotic talks like Goth
Addictions and love claims
She was fingering clammy
Those grassy moldy mummies
The negative side effect
So foreign in his pocket
Positive pants far from intellect
It slips out and falls
He is reacting from the
Blonde bombshells
The island some <em>Liberty Bell</em>
No man no God no lover
will be claimed in my
phone rich soil hand
Arrowsmith songs were locked
Dream on claim whats yours
Comic Xmen who claims
The crawling phone creatures
spiderman
She has spider veins features
Total recall but cannot recall
All my important number
where flushed down my
toilet jail cell bowl
And he is so mesmerized with
the Super Bowl
I had nothing left to talk too
Not even my cell phone
I felt alienated like all clones
<strong><em>_
</em>
<em>_</em><em>_</em></strong><em>
my mind is a blue sea
vast in shipwrecks that have made
me empty
<strong></strong></em><strong><em>
</em>
<em>_</em><em>_</em><em></em></strong><em>
storms of thoughts swirling
like ten thousand tornados in the center,
this a place where all
the hearts grief enters
</em> <em>_ _
<strong></strong></em><strong> <em>_</em><em></em></strong><em>
but there are these orbs
of light, some so small
like fireflies
and others are bigger like looking
up at the night and seeing
the stars glinting, laughing, falling.
<strong></strong></em><strong><em>_</em><em></em></strong><em>
<strong></strong></em><strong><em>_</em><em>_</em></strong>-<strong><em>
</em></strong><em>-<strong></strong></em><strong><em></em></strong><em>-<strong></strong></em><strong>
my mind is filled to the
brim with these memories, even
through the darkness they
light and ignite
and refuse to grow dimmer.
<em></em></strong><em> _-<strong></strong></em><strong>--
even through the storms
of my thoughts
their sound plays louder
and louder
until i can no longer contain
the happiness within me.
<em>_</em></strong><em>
<strong>
</strong></em><strong><em>_</em><em>_</em></strong><em>--</em>
the sound of the memories,
the warmth of their gentle fire,
exist because of you.
in the sea of all these memories,
you are my warmest one.
the brightest one...
p.s. i have missed you far
too long for this to be anything
but the truth.
I get <em>snatches</em> from an early memory,
Mother holding an axe overhead,
The evening's <strong>firewood</strong> she sought,
From the log of wood that lay ahead.
She brought down the <em>blade</em>,
Blunted by time and use,
It stuck onto the log refused to let go,
She lifted the axe with the log and all, brought it down with a <strong>rage</strong>.
I remember a sharp pain on my left side,
And warm liquid flowing on my <em>face</em>,
I remember the crowds running and and hurrying,
I turned around to see what was happening that way.
I heard the rumors of a scream, whispering <strong>violently,</strong>
Like an irritating fly it unsettled me and my mother, shocked,
But the scream did not originate within my throat,
A collective roar split the land where the crowds so quickly flocked.
<em>flashback stops</em>
I am now the feared one-eyed pirate thatsails the seven seas,
A silent <em>ghost</em> of a tear appears from the eye that isn't there,
Alas! Now the legends of how mine disability arose,
Makes only for whimsical tales narrated in the company of another <em>jovial</em> wayfarer.
Half circle waves crash into themselves on the shore
wipes the slate clean as they rush back to the deep
Where Amphithrite cradles them to her breast
and collects the imprints of lovers footprints
before she sends them out again
If I jump ship and the tide draws me close to your heart,
will you keep me safe in the circle of your arms
Will you extinguish the lighthouses glow
so the pirates can run aground on jagged rock
buried in a sailors grave where no roses grow
When all is done and the storm has gone
will you walk with me on the shore my love
close to the clean slate of the waters edge
Where the the waves can collect our footprints
and carry them to Amphithrites breast
I like to look up
not down
when i look down i see the curves of my toes
those bent beams called bones
and the scars on my hips nestled against the soft mink of your sleeping bag but looking up..
twinkling softly above me
fairy lights in a Christmas store,
sprinkles on my donuts
white beacons to space pirates
the stars shine
bleating there twinkling beams like butterfly's kisses on my cheek
their glow is not lost against my skin
warmer then the sun i find them,
especially with you pulled so tightly against me
the warmth of your chest against my breasts
your thigh pressed between mine
my scars fade in the dull light,
my toes dont feel so crooked
and when i lie under the back-lit-black-backed canopy of our stars
i can carve your name between the constilations
and even though the light has shone for thousands of miles
and my heart lies in the sky
when i crawl into your sleeping bag.
you bring the universe to my thoughts
and fish my heart back from the moon
<em>*</em>LG
Scaramouche et Pulcinella,
Qu'un mauvais dessein rassembla,
Gesticulent, noirs sur la lune.
Cependant l'excellent docteur
Bolonais cueille avec lenteur
Des simples parmi l'herbe brune.
Lors sa fille, piquant minois,
Sous la charmille en tapinois
Se glisse demi-nue, en qute
De son beau pirate espagnol,
Dont un langoureux rossignol
Clame la dtresse  tue-tte.
We surprise ourselves with the ability to feel
Emotions run so deep in our veins, swallowing
Us into the abysses of irrationality, casting
Us throughout oceans filled with promises,
High hopes and expectations, dreams of wild
Currents tearing us apart, tempests at sea,
Shipwrecks adrift.
Elevated by the nobility we assign to devotion,
Love posing as the commander of the vessel
Without whom the vessel sinks, is not eternal
And sets conditions we must abide by, as mutiny
Is severely reprimanded, punishment resulting
In the atrocities inflicted by his opponent.
Crushed by the humiliation of spontaneous aversion,
Hate passes off as the single solution, the only feeling
Able to replace our inability to love that which we now
Abhor.
Well you see,
my skin melted
into a lot of things
last summer. Even my
bones mixed with a
few.
The fact that everything
became a liquid river
passing around my ankles
didn't help.
Time became a
cloud that a giant
walks through on his
way to get food.
My stomach and head
got a little sea-sick on
this voyage. Their ears
never really popped from
this altitude.
My body shivered from
the OD.
My skin burned and
melted with him.
Trees grabbed my
hair, leaves stained my
cheeks.
I had rotten skin
for bones and cracked
ribcages for flesh.
The rivers were
fire and the fish
rocks of ice.
A beast by my side
through hellfire.
Her eyes were marbles.
Her flesh cracked glass.
Her hands were iseicles.
Ripped tendons looking like
dreads hanging from her
head.
But this is only how she
looked in Neverland.
In my geometry class
you never would of guessed
she bent time around her
fingers, squished it into liquid,
painted her nails with it.
Everything is liquid with
her.
She could turn you into
fine wine or a piss stain
on the pants of a scared
kindergartner.
Walking into her house
the walls are mallible
black fur.
They'll nick your change
out of your pockets.
One time it sucked
her dad into it.
She said he hasn't
emerged in 5 days.
"He's changed." She says.
"He said it's a way
to Neverland but, mom
says he comes home smelling
like Narnia." She whispered.
They had eyes. The walls.
I could hear them
churning. Black liquid that
gurgled and popped like
an exploding guinea pig
in the microwave.
The fur moved like legs
on a centipede.
Everything got mixed
up and colors stopped looking
the same.
I stayed over at her
house one night,
and I swear to
God faries came.
They called my
beast a pirate.
Said she's been
off duty too
long.
They thought I
was asleep.
In the morning
we walked out
her door and we
fell into the sky.
We fell through
time.
The world became
white and black.
We landed in the
ocean, emerging
through the sand.
She became a
new kind of being.
Her eyes were 8-balls.
Hair, blue fire,
and her skin was
moving black smoke.
She said I looked like
something she could
get addicted to.
One night I found
my hand melted in
her hair,
my hip bones
became Lego pieces stuck
to hers.
Fingers mashed in
places they couldn't
be seen.
Her eyes kept answering
my question of "should
I keep going" with
"Fuck yes". Her mouth
stretched smoke that
you could lose your mind
in.
Her body a maze
that I couldn't wait
to figure out.
We grew gills
and kept
breathing each other
in.
She said it was
a solstice one night
as we got lost in
seaweed.
I asked her what
that meant.
Before I knew
it, the ocean
sucked us up
and the sky
spit us out and
we fell with the
rain. We were hail
being delivered with
drumrolling thunder
and lightning.
We didn't return
to "Earthly" beings.
We stayed in the
flooded streets, gills
still only needing
the other.
She said
she had to return
to Neverland,
but she wasn't sure
if I could go.
We'd find out soon
enough.
Just how,
do we get there?
She pointed to a sky
scraper.
Her see through
fingers found my skin.
She said my eyes looked
like black holes, my skin
had the milkyway trapped
beneath it.
Hopping from rain drop
to rain drop we got to
the top of that building.
We had to wait until
sunrise.
She told me the grass
is smooth like
the seaweed where
we're going.
That my blood would
look like northern
lights.
My mundane mind
wouldn't exist, I
wouldn't feel dead
anymore.
She said we'd be like
Bonnie and Clyde.
When the sun peeked
at our side of the earth
she told me
I might not pass through.
She said that might
be her case too.
She said we'd find Neverland
if we jumped off of that
building.
But all we found was our
bones infused in the concrete.
Once there was a man who had plenty of courage.
And once he set off for a voyage.
He owned a small ship rather being someone much more than a rich.
There was also an elegant woman on board whom the captain
always adored.
The ship was now ready for the long-long voyage and had enough of
load.
Still luckily the ship was designed in the offensive mode.
The fellow often caught one or two whales on the way,
Water was glowing eerily and the bay was still far away.
When suddenly from nowhere a Siren (Monster) unexpectedly
appeared!
Unlucky was the man, the captain everyone groaned.
Each pirate took hold of a bow and arrow, a club of gold and the
sharpest sword, and their ship slowed.
The captain was now a little bit worried, not of himself but of his fair
maiden and all the other pirates whom he allied.
Defenders shot one on one arrow, attacked with swords; clubs were
just thrown at the Siren like stones.
No effect that made on Monster which seemed to be like doom. Just
when from somewhere a mystical staff appeared as if a boon.
The staff was shining brightly like a star.
On it was inscribed The Druid Riders Staff who still settle and raid
but very far.
The endless battle was still going on without anyones will.
The Siren had ruined the ship badly.
The battle was like a hammer on an anvil.
The captain took hold of the staff and read the message that came
with it.
On it was written some magical words.
Then the captain recited the words, raising the staff in the air.
The captain told the words thrice.
And this resulted to be very-very nice.
The staff now glowed like a Star; still very old.
It was like a unique epic.
Now left of the ship was just a dozen bricks.
The staff worked or not no-one knows, because the wind still blows.
The ship still rows.
Was that staff enchanted old?
No-one knows, but it was carved with gold.
A knife and a treasure chest
Some great bird of the tropics
Where the man became an island
Well, well, the whale is beached
The ship is stranded on the reef
And the waters only recede
It's a last resort
I don't want to steal
But I'm happy having fun
And dying young
My piracy not confined to digital music
Its more or less defined
By blunderbuss and sea shanties
As being an outlaw
Or at last as being misunderstood
Walking the plank
Jumping into shark infested waters
Swimming with all my strength
So I can die marooned and alone
Just me, my gold, and my guns
And my rum
And my contempt
Everyone,
To begin.
We have no choices,
Depending on gurgled voices
Recognized in utero.
Trust radar's not activated,
Despite the life experiences
Of our carriers.
White collars
Dig for gold
Wearing masks and gloves;
So we rely on eyes
Despite the hunger
Behind the disguise.
We are tied to swivel chairs
In block buildings
And asked to trust
As they notice the dirt
Beneath our nails
Ripe-red for pulling.
They want the correct answer,
Not the right one.
Love partnerships
Are unstable vessels
Atbest.
We secure trust
In disposable
Jilted pirate chests
Waiting for discovery
In teary depths.
We find refuge
In our children,
Though we notice
Eyes roll and shift
As we age and drift.
In whom do we trust?
In the unborn
Who will
Live by our words,
And define the world
We leave in trust.
pirates, with a Huckleberry
fucking row boat...
doing the Achilles vs. the tortoise
logic macabre with
Somalis...
if ever a microaggression...
meaning, curbed bodies and alliances
with stiffy in the morge...
well... sign me up Libido Jim...
tis an un fo 'ah bone fide...
ah... fy fy n'oh fide... n'oh fight...
bonding fade... or post Latin post Brit
dicritical enclosure, loss...
Gaulish excess spelling
and not wonder:
the last remnant literacy monopoly...
dyslexia... eyes see one thing...
tongue speaks another...
trash the bib.,
remnant 0f bible,diacritical marks...
bone fide...
tetragrammaton fiddle with
the diacritical violin...
no, no Anas Nin ands a father figure...
id est more fetish figure and less
father <em>rigour</em>...
bond fd(e)...
like all french... shy on the suffix cum
loss of diacritical canon...
as literate as the pastoral...
and God forbid I ever make the sort of dough
worthy of the sistine chapel or
the da vincy code...
I shadow,and the undercurrents...
John "kuka" Paul II...
or? John Paul "the wickerman"...
at least they allowed Ratzinger
the dignity of papa emeritus...
poles like bangladshis are
expendable... but worth the:
princess ought to have that unicorn...
my my... came slurping honey,
the sugar baby...
and the delayed claustrophobia
of the inescapable ratio
of women, outnumbering men...
and even Solomon,
employed eunuchs to tend
to his harem, stemming from
the myth of sexual stamina.
I'm the unholiest of nights
I am nocturnal antichrists
I am the intifada phantom
Blacking out the Israelites
I am the netherworld Rohingya
To Gautama's paradise
I can indulge in my salvation
For a fraction of the price
I am the spice of life aboard
Malagasy pirate ships
I am the pyramids of greed
Built atop the cracks of whips
I get on nerves of your Nirvana
I'm the burning Book of Mormon
I'm a hundred years of war
And famine, plagues and locusts swarmin'
I am 47 ronin
To the Hiroshima priest
As they Shinto Harakiri
I am rising in the east
I am the fracture in the caste
Of the Brahmins brittle bones
I am the wrath of jealous deities
On Mount Olympus thrones
I'm the cult of personality
The Satan's circle level
I'm the hammer and the sickle
I'm the patron saint of rebel
I'm the heathen Eden extremist
The radical depiction
Of Muhammad's severed head
Adorned in crowns of crucifixion
I'm the Xenu Voodoo Guru
I'm the omniversal cosmic view
The lord of space and time
And now my thetan horde awakens you
From sins of your mortality
I know them all too well
You place your faith in heaven
But I make mine here in hell
So I have this reoccurring dream where
I rush to my childhood home and
Open my bedroom door, immediately hit with the familiarity of the smell of day old crackers masked by Febreze.
My eyes search to find a cage full of rats.
I have never owned a rat.
Yet, there are about 20 of the fuzzy little guys
Gnawing at the bars of the cage, pink paws grabbing and clutching, exasperated squeaks escaping their mouths as if to say Help me! or Welcome home!, my subconscious isnt smart enough to clarify which.
I open the cage,
A few of them are dead.
Stiff. Small. Dead.
Instead of waiting to mourn
I quickly scoop up the others in my arms
Cuddling them close.
The scenery changes to a pirate ship in the way that dreams do.
Slowly and in a way that sort of makes you dizzy but your dream self doesnt even notice and it only starts to mess you up when youre thinking about it while eating Froot Loops two days later.
The rats are afraid and hurry out of my arms
I desperately try to scramble them up
But one by one they all fall overboard.
Now, I aced AP Psychology, so I know how to interpret this
There are 3 theories on dreams.
Information processing theory says dreams sort, sift, and fix a day's experience into memories.
I dont remember losing my precious rats on a pirate ship.
So that isnt it.
Problem solving theory says dreams are the continuity of waking thought but without the constraints of logic or realism. That dreams are meant for solving your problems. It suggests my rats are metaphors. I love rats, and if rats are problems, what does that say about me? That I keep trying to hold my issues and insecurities close to me but cant juggle them all? That all my chances keep falling and dying and Im losing my sense of self. That I need a reason to be the victim in every situation so I will never have to take responsibility for my actions and I can pretend like my faults never happened. And what about the pirate ship? Like, I dont even like pirates so why would I put myself in a place I hate and then cling to disgusting faults like theyre precious. None of this makes sense, except maybe it does and I refuse to admit it, Im in denial, I dont want to get better I want to stay in this awful cycle forever.
But activation synthesis theory says dreams are a product of activity in the brain. The cerebral cortex attempts to make sense of neural firings by creating a story. In other words, dreams have no meaning. So this whole poem.
Is worthless.
As worthless as a rat.
A small. Fuzzy. Loving.
Yet short-lived rat.
Spanish
El ancla de oro cantala vela azul asciende
Como el ala de un sueo abierta al nuevo da.
Partamos, musa ma!
Ante lo prora alegre un bello mar se extiende.
En el oriente claro como un cristal, esplende
El fanal sonrosado de Aurora. Fantasa
Estrena un raro traje lleno de pedrera
para vagar brillante por las olas.
Ya tiende
La vela azul a Eolo su oriflama de raso
El momento supremo!Yo me estremezco; acaso
Sueo lo que me aguarda en los mundos no vistos!
Acaso un fresco ramo de laureles fragantes,
El toison reluciente, el cetro de diamantes,
El naufragio o la eterna corona de los Cristos?
English
The golden anchor beckons, the blue sail rises
Like the wing of a dream unfolding to a new day.
Let us depart, my muse!
Beyond an anxious prow, the sea stretches itself out.
In the crystal clear East, Aurora's
Blushed beacon shines. Fantasy
Is donning a rare garment of gems
To wander brilliantly over the waves.
The blue sail
Unfolds its private oriflamme to Aeolus
The supreme moment!I tremble: do I know
Oh God!what awaits me in unseen worlds?
Perhaps a freshly picked bouquet of fragrant laurels,
The golden fleece, a diamond scepter,
A shipwreck, or the eternal crown of the Anointed Ones?
I backpedal before flanks of flames,
auburn and angry, devouring the
fractured field; deconstructing
the turn of the century.
The fire jumps up and down,
like a developing polaroid,
asking to be acknowledged
-- to which I can relate, but
I'd like to believe I cause
less destruction.
Closing my eyes, I become
submerged in memory of the
hideous boulevard she drove
down, to the tune of disposable
pop singers; crouching next to
the radio, praying with the servants
of postured finer joys like pirate
rubies and sweet kale salads.
When looking up, through the
windshield; through the life;
a tic scampers from eyelid to
cheek, as the car buckles before
a triumph of a deer; the size of
a Godly Eland, shoveling it's
human feet into the downtown
dirt: an asphalt so slick, we
rose from our seats, as the
God split our vehicle in half,
throwing us into opposite
guardrails; dodging cars,
while it watched us.
Shudders of savored gladness
drip down my hairline wound,
painting my face before I die
and return to the towering blaze.
Better Than You
Anytime, anyplace,
I will kick you in your face.
Anyhow, anywhere,
I will leave you in despair.
You name the place, tell me the time,
there isn't a word I can't rhyme.
Not a chance, I will loose,
your words leave a mental bruise.
I'm gods gift to the pen,
you have smaller penis than Ken.
Don't hate the player, hate the game,
by now you all know my name.
I'm not a poet or a rapper,
just a rhymer, writer and a scrapper.
I entertain you with my catchy hooks,
it helps that I have sensational looks.
You're nothing but a fudge packing butt pirate,
oh I'm sorry, was that supposed to be private.
You can't mess with the rhyme master,
what a shame you turned into a disaster.
I've taught you everything you know,
but I left out the part how to properly flow.
You were my pupil, you tried to go alone,
like Medusa, I turned you into stone.
The shit you write, no one reads,
to me everyone eventually concedes.
You're like Pepsi, I'm like Coke,
I'm an unsolvable riddle, you're just a joke.
As I stand here waiting for the duel,
the longer I wait, the more I fuel.
I see you lurking in the shadows,
you're heading right for the gallows.
This is your last chance to surrender,
I commend you for trying to be a contender.
But as I suspected, I'm better than you,
I left your underwear brown, and your balls blue.
Straight out of prison
Wondering what I've been missing
Right out of the gates I stuck out my thumb
A van load of hippies
All from Mississippi
Stoped and asked, hey dude...what's going on
I'm here for adventure
Well hop in then Mister
Adventure is what we're all about
Now where we're all going
There's no way of knowing
A van of hippies and parolee freshly let out
We ended up in Disney
Me and all of the hippies
Where we had caboodles of fun
We met Mickey and he saw it
When I lifted his wallet
Now we're in the Magic Kingdom all on the run
We split in different directions
To throw off detection
It's A Small World is where I made my mistake
With that song stuck in my head
It's a fate worse than death
Prison now sounds like a wonderful place
We rendezvoused in
The Pirate's Of The Caribbean
Where soon after, in came the law
We all jumped from our boats
Splashing around in the moat
And had ourselves a good old fashioned pirate brawl
We soon made our escape
Out of exit door 88
Finding ourselves in Frontier Land at night
Where in the middle of the street
Were Mickey, Donald, and Goofy
All with guns strapped to their sides
We ran into a shop
And bought guns on the spot
All with Mickey's money...he's a mouse of a man
Mickey squeeks we're going to ruff you up
As Goofy holds up the cuffs
And Donald says something we can't understand
We had a shoot out
With cap guns no doubt
After all Disney runs a safe place
Ran out of caps in our guns
Which stopped our lives on the run
The wrath of Mickey we all now would face
After justice's hammer
I'm now back in the slammer
This time I made my own prison bed
Now I cry every day
What more can I say
With It's A Small World still stuck in my head
even pirates had a flag
and a certain murderous modern day mob
fly a black one;
their sign of a death cult
when I lived with Kyle, we had a shot glass on our bathroom counter we kept there. A small house spider made its home inside of it. Every night before I went to bed I would tell it; Good night Westley, Good work. Sleep well. I'll most likely kill you in the morning.
She was a shipwreck
Her body couldnt handle
The sorrowful sea
And board by board
The tide took her away
From me
Lady Luck, what a dime
Hair of gold and legs so fine
Try to kill her, she's got nine lives
A bottle of poison and a rack of knives
They say out she comes when the moon is full
In robes of silver and diamonds fill her skull
Eyes like rubys that burn to the core
And a body like an oasis, you'll beg for more
She kills and steals and doesn't think twice
Never gets caught, illusive as night
No blood, just red wine, heart cold as ice
Skin so pale the stars cry
Whatever she wants, whatever she needs
Seems to come raining down in baskets with beads
Ribbons and gems and shiny things
Men pass out at her porcelain feet
Strings of pearls on her ankles and rings on her toes
Wherever she stops, nobody knows
A pirate disguised by her charm, what a queen
Beware Lady Luck, for she lurks in the steam
Hold on tight! Weather the storm!
Don't let troubles disempower you.
Keep your focus. Stay the course.
Beware of sharks that try to devour you.
Let not the torrents of tempestuous talk
Affect your ability to maintain control.
Don't be driven off course by winds
Of hatred. Keep your eyes on the goal.
Be not distracted by waves of abuse
That brutally beat against your bow
And threaten to end your inspired journey
With powerful force upon your prow.
Ride the waves--the ups, the downs,
The forwards, the backs, the lefts, the rights.
Let your inner strength and stamina
Navigate you through starless nights.
Do not crash into fellow ships
Also caught in the stormy sea.
Watch out for damaging attacks and assaults
Surrounding you in the floating debris.
Beware of pirates; they're out there waiting
To stalk and steal, damage and destroy.
Protect yourself to further protect
The needs of the struggling hoi polloi.
Storms will come and storms will go;
Maintain vigilant command of your ship.
The ocean is a capricious host;
There's NO guarantee of a storm-free trip.
Therefore, be sure to hold on tight!
Though nights are dark and days are gray,
And though your ship is tossed at sea,
Safe harbor is not far away.
- by Bob B
there is absolutely no hippocratic jurisdiction in psychiatry, i sometimes walked into the psychiatric offices, poked fun at psychiatrists for being callous sadistic fuckers, as one suggested: thinking out-loud in reverse: oh, he must have been abused as a child... psychiatry has strayed away from making a hippocratic oath... it actually doesn't have an oath to make: it has persisted with more harm than good, clinging to the notion that there is no <strong>summa totalis</strong> of the body, and medical psychiatry is to blame for this persistent infiltration of psychiatric lingo... you can't even begin to imagine how much it pissess of people who live in a secular society, to be strapped under an umbrella of "mental illness", while the jihadis are celebrated as completely "sane", psychiatry is the one branch of medicine that's persistently being undermined by the general public, for me, psychiatric materials are too readily available, is psychiatrists are the new priests of the secular age, i demand! i demand that psychiatry does what the church did once before, return to it being solely written in latin! too many fucking retards are abusing this branch of medicine, suddenly everyone is a fucking psychologists amateur, the jack-of-all-trades know how! fuckers know shit! i'm this close | | to boiling point with respect to the degradation of psychiatry... reverse everything! start writing psychiatric works, solely in latin! give psychiatry some hippocratic credibility, sure, it's a hit &amp; miss with the pharma side of things, but come on, give these people some fucking empathy, do what the churches undid, and write all psychiatric material in latin! the public doesn't have to know the complexities of this branch of medicine, because, clearly... it doesn't!<em>
we live in an age where dialecticas is
not engaged with,
not even to the point where you can self-realize:
oh, right, i know absolutely nothing!
you can't do that these days,
you can't have that self-realisation -
that "demand" for a "consciousness" -
100 years ago people spoke of a *soul</em> -
that <em>summa totalis</em> of bodily mechanisations,
that eating some food and then
falling to sleep, and yet the organs working
their magic digesting the food...
yet people have replaced the soul
with a reinvented concept of
"consciousness"... the fuck does that
even mean? a second awakening within
the first wake?
the brain is the only organ that can't
truly experience itself unconsciously...
even when it is "unconscious" it still
poses the threat of dream theatre...
i find that the <em>summa totalis</em> is
bordering on an a "soul" within this
membrane, in that:
at least one aspect of our body can't
exactly become part of the <em>summa totalis</em>,
and become enclaved akin to
the heart during sleep...
or the stomach prior to falling asleep
while still managing to digest,
the brain can't be deemed completely
unconscious, otherwise how else would
you mind to state why light is trapped
and then projected, and we dream?
dreaming, that "consciousness"
of the unconscious brain, and somehow
pulverised by the truth-bidding inflection
of the pentagram...
god, i hate these sorts of poems,
i read a bit of heidegger and suddenly spiral
into this jargon...
i abhor it...
literally, it's about as enlightening
as turning on a lightbulb, minus the stereotypical
imagery surrounding an einstein moment...
more like that loony tunes moment when
the head turns into a donkey's head,
or we see the dunce's hat appear...
elsewhere the capirotes march...
but then i think of mental illness
and the stories of the young,
and i'm genuinely worried -
i was one of the first kids to own a nintendo
NES...
yes, from the ages of 4 to 8,
my father was just a voice on the phone,
and the odd package of gifts from her majesty's
fair green land, notably the nintendo NES...
but being one of the kids, we still preferred
warm summer nights, hide &amp; seek,
playing with marbles, walks into the woods,
picking strawberries coloured pale yellow
before being ripe, throwing potatoes into
fires, eating gooseberries, eating whole plates
of sunflower seeds,
i remember days when we had
neighbours, neighbourly women playing cards,
sitting till 11 talking outside the communist
concrete blocks...
that transition period, i.e. my childhood
has a knack of almost always reappearing...
so i must be "mentally ill" for reading heidegger,
not many people do,
maybe i suggest something?
learn biology / chemistry or physics to a degree
level before reading books like that...
it softens the blow of reading puritanical
humanism of, say, a novel...
or poetry...
and some people take holidays
to the caribbean, or take a cruise around
the norwegian fjords...
or walk the great wall of ching ching...
or ride a horse on the mongolian steppes into
the sunset, or ride the trans-siberian railway...
me? i take a "slingshot" back "home"...
get immersed in the native tongue,
and finally! oh finally! manage to read a book
in the native tongue...
i found that i'm a slow reader if i have
a book in polish, but can still hear english
on the television...
back "home"? what a surprise it was for
my grandfather: he just threw <em>bolesaw prus'</em>
book <em>lalka</em> into my lap one summer and said:
lap it up.
and i lapped it up...
point being, all these sights and sounds,
scents and exciting stories people have from abroad...
well... when i was in kenya,
i lounged, drank enough to fall asleep in
a hammock overnight and was not stolen by
the somali pirates, but someone did steal
my glass of cognac when i woke up the next morning,
then drank some more, and stayed in the shade,
played some ping-pong with a german,
chatted up these gorgeous ivory beauties of
the night, and chilled with macaque monkeys
on the balcony giving them nuts and sachets of
sugar, again, in the shade...
i took one dip in the indian ocean and became
bored from the beach vendors pushing
weed, drank some more, wrote a short story
for my grandfather about an elephant
dunking its trunk into a bottle of whiskey...
drank some more, lazed in the shade,
read c. g. jung's <em>western man in search
of a soul</em> - dedicated it, and gave it to one
of the german beauties, drank some more,
laughed at a baboon with hemorrhoids
trying to sit on a roof once it raided the kitchen...
point being: what sightseeing i have when
i go back "home" is the language -
sometimes i read it, sometimes i might write,
but i definitely speak it,
but reading it is like the tower of pisa
for me...
this complete re-immersion of the 8 year
old kid that left kicks in...
ooh, ant that -18C temp. of winters in poland...
to be honest, i never know why people
decide to go to tropical places on earth,
sunniest and what, in the middle of the winter
months, why?
coming back must be a double bummer...
why not go to somewhere where the winter
months are worse than from where you came from?
well, if i found a self-administrative
anaesthetic for celestial tyrants that
are so glorified by historians over
the ages, and only dream darkness,
or dream bollocks up that not even
Freud could stomach...
and i teach them how to take it to
do the opposite of what they did in life,
and leave them hungover and
slightly prone to despair, i'm sure we can
have a timetable of when they go cold
turkey, and turn into little budding Buddha...
adenosine and that acetyl thing...
or i got it completely wrong...
how else you going to keep frying
that chicken... obviously you'll have
to keep cutting corners somewhere...
obviously the little budding Buddha illuminations
everyone will resist... i mourned
the fact that a boy encouraged me to throw
a hamster off the stairs telling me: he's
wearing parachutes... i remember that
face... i remember the bloodied snout
of the hamster... makes me a Hindu then:
to have mourned the passing of a petted
animal makes you Hindu...
you can claim having converted the day
you mourned your pet cat passing...
honest to Brahman... like me an Ernest
tailing our conversation into
childless couples who don't want the
murk of a genetic Rnin ruining
their happy abode even if nurture tries to
overcome nature... dog, man's second child
i inquired... i don't know if i was
elastic enough to call that poetic, but i added:
once you take to the trivialities
of having animals as your children
in a theatre of grievance, the little concern
the animals need, and the way that families
with children belittle the concern of people
with animals as animals making them Everest
summits... well... the joke is: the little
problems of animals dwarf the problems of life...
which is turn makes the childless couples
who have animals as incubator replacements
of pets look at child aplenty couples look a bit daft,
the equilibrium of dwarf and titan combine,
the childless couple incubates a resistance
against the titanic problems of life, or rather the world
with whether their children have autism aged 6...
well, if they don't have play-friends outside of school
where every child's imagination is on equal footing
and there are no educators present to
separate the sheaf from the staff, the wolf from the sheep...
sure... by the age of 8, a child will adamantly
become brutal in his or her individual...
the problem in england, as in America is that
children do not have outside-of-school play-friends
to relax with... it's either all school with social hierarchies,
or all familial bonding, or literally fucking it up
with Oedipus looming...
the funny bit? i remember childhood from 1990s Poland
like Ernest remembers it from, what, 1940?
HA HA HA HA... funny as fuck... where's this
unconscious uncoupling then? licking the plates
like a dog starved for a month?
i love the English maxim: got to be cruel... to be kind.
no wait... he said his elder brothers
made their debut... that's the 19... 30s! god...
western Europe is Darwinism on amphetamines.
you can't get play-friends in school...
that's why we have the Cure and the Smiths song...
so much angst at the fact that no one bothered to
build close sky-rise communities...
trying to build them in the 1950s with a Colonial
past? crime... whatever else?
what with those on those estates saying:
my children too! in a semi-detached!
how they raped Poland with Pope John II at the front...
what a bunch of scummy ratty wankers...
cocksuckers... bending the pirate ship's plank wankers...
i'd do them in Kentucky if i had my way...
apparently the recipe is out an all good for the
public eye to see... sometimes civilisation
makes you a natural cannibal by the mere thought of it...
you can't expect children in western society to
not fall suspect to some psychological malnutrition
when their only play-friends are in an institutional
environment, might as well put them in psychiatric
wards and tell them to play razor quickest to the wrist
wins! i do mean that from your neck arteries.
they don't have play-friends outside of institutions...
maybe it was the suburban labyrinths of identical
housing that mismanaged the chance interaction
of a group of children... but in 2 square miles
of where i live, i've seen more biodiversity than
i'd care to see in the Amazon rain forest.
.
After childhood sleep,
Of days into dawning,
Shucked of dusted clay,
Eyes set unto fawning,
Then, the rowing began.
Shy gentle waves lulling
As it does for Everyman
Who seeks loves' culling.
In a tempest of blue sky,
I was engulfed so plain,
That time was sore to eye,
All suitors never maidens.
One true love never came,
Nor to fly as birds teeming,
Now all is shipwreck of age,
Ah, but to drown dreaming.
Death ---Elle.Prvnt
Death is inside the folding cots:
it spends its life sleeping on the slow mattresses,
in the black blankets, and suddenly breathes out:
it blows out a mournful sound that swells the sheets,
and the beds go sailing toward a port
where death is waiting, dressed like an admiral.
Death arrives among all that sound
like a shoe with no foot in it, like a suit with no man in it,
comes and knocks, using a ring with no stone in it, with no
finger in it,
comes and shouts with no mouth, with no tongue, with no
throat.
Nevertheless its steps can be heard
and its clothing makes a hushed sound, like a tree.
Sometimes I see alone
coffins under sail,
embarking with the pale dead, with women that have dead hair,
with bakers who are as white as angels,
and pensive young girls married to notary publics,
caskets sailing up the vertical river of the dead,
the river of dark purple,
moving upstream with sails filled out by the sound of death,
filled by the sound of death which is silence.
There are cemeteries that are lonely,
graves full of bones that do not make a sound,
the heart moving through a tunnel,
in it darkness, darkness, darkness,
like a shipwreck we die going into ourselves,
as though we were drowning inside our hearts,
as though we lived falling out of the skin into the soul.
And there are corpses,
feet made of cold and sticky clay,
death is inside the bones,
like a barking where there are no dogs,
coming out from bells somewhere, from graves somewhere,
growing in the damp air like tears of rain.
I'm not sure, I understand only a little, I can hardly see,
but it seems to me that its singing has the color of damp violets,
of violets that are at home in the earth,
because the face of death is green,
and the look death gives is green,
with the penetrating dampness of a violet leaf
and the somber color of embittered winter.
But death also goes through the world dressed as a broom,
lapping the floor, looking for dead bodies,
death is inside the broom,
the broom is the tongue of death looking for corpses,
it is the needle of death looking for thread.
Death, Is just death.
The United States
we
stand tall<strong><em></em></strong><em>*
The ring-size
The shebang seat
Hasn't been anything
but a ball just stand
Or sit in my heat
To the Senate
falling for the
Testimonies
The culture of
colliding ceremonies
coming to America*
Above the
surface
Delicious
Atmosphere blue
Nitrogenous*
The new
Bicentennial
He cannot take
his falling star eyes
off of you his love
((Like Pluto))
dimensional
Starbucks stir-spell
stars
She loves to
sit casually
Your feeling wiped out
Being flagged down<strong></strong></em>
All stripes the
American way
Bank of America
Let's travel to
((Bombay))
No time to do
your essays
Be more sacred it pays
Super America
Stop eating the
whole cow
(U) night Ed) United
We feel entangled
What we believe
in is lost
Amazing in all sizes
From head to toe
from birth
Trembling hands
of fate
We all fall down huh?
Niagara Falls her-Ray
Tall riveting sunshine
King Charles charming
French Cafe ring
Henry the 8th carats
Striking
The finest
grains
in her
cup to his
Viking
Artsy gals of the
archway falling for your liking
Milky Way
We must not battle
Broadway
Falling out of love
But they say its
((Your Birthday))
Have a good time
On Flag day
And star bright
American to the
Mediterranean
Buffets for the Pig
and whistle beauty
met her eating beast
Pirates of the Carribean
American side dish
Bacon bits with
String beans
Clerical positions
((Compromising Liaisons))
Fort Myers Pelicans
Brooklyn Belt Parkway
My exit was
Rockaway Parkway
Take me back
Now this world
Full of chemicals
No time for even
The Protocol
Bewildered minds
bifocals to vanish
No food to love
garnish
We need to exhale
American big day
Male sale----I got my ring size seat
I see you, you see me
Let's be bold, let's be free
Jump in the mud we won't care who sees
We will play all day until the sun goes down
Until the pirates are beat and the missing treasures found
We will always remember the time we shared
The monsters we faced the struggles we bared
Time was of no concern, we just let it pass
You draw the anchor I'll set the mast
But it's like they say it catches up
You are not so young now not a pup
You don't fight pirates across the seven seas
You aren't as bold and not as free
But I see the spark still in your eye
Yes covered with age but there fresh and alive
You crave our past battles and injuries
You crave adventure and mysteries
But time is now important it has control
Over what you do and how you grow
So savor the moments, savor the air
That brings the child back out who had no care
I will always be here it's true
For you are me and I am you
You inner child
and there was a Fiona,
and me working the Edinburgh
MASSA nightclub
picking empty glasses
from the <em>parkiet</em>...
emptying pissed into
bottles of beer,
getting cornered by skinhead
homos eager for a blow...
Fiona...
played her the mandolin,
outside her window like
a bollock twised Romeo...
rod steward's maggie may...
then there was Janina,
a love worthy of a canvas,
and a rose... roses bewilder women...
not ough pearl or oyster shells
on them... come next spring...
like any Dutch tulip addiction...
frivolous scoop...
n'ah... this bitch hit the bull's eye
of the bell tower...
<em>ich troje</em>'s song
<em>zawsze z tob chciabym by</em>...
a commoner party song...
became a critique of my skull...
as she deemed it,
the protruding occipital of Africans...
and the squashed, flat "missing"
protrusion was a sign of degeneracy...
even though we shared the same ancestor...
from a pop song...
toward a flat occipital...
wheat-gob bulging jawline
of African Amricans?
they stick corn cobs in there or what?
come on... even Somalia pirates
know the diffrence between not liking
a pleb song, and making comments
about the fucking cranium...
oh wait... and all of this...
in art class...
so I sketched an answer for her...
her youth...
eyes with no pupils and no iris,
pure sclera... looking into a mirror
and a babushka...
if they kill for a reward
of 72 virgins...
god give me strength...
anticipating 72 doberman
or alsatians, or rottweiler puppies...
too much fictive love,
when the reality demands...
once upon a time,
when a young couple were
to be married,
the parents of both bride
and groom...
invested in...
the rewards of retirement,
and the anticipation of reinvigoration
by youth in the format of
grandchildren...
now?
oh you know the subsequent script...
fuck off.
You have no idea
What it's like, to be a woman
Everyday is a baptism by fire
As she walks on the street
Hundred hands appear
From nowhere, as if conjured
By a deft flick
Of a magician's wand
A magician who sends chills
Down the length of her spine
Chills that surpass even those
On a wintry night in Antarctica
Leaving her frozen
Till every bone stands still
As she is stripped of her dignity
Reduced to a shadow of her self
She strains every sinew in her throat
As she sends out a distress signal
Which fails to be intercepted
As the people look on
Some with fear
Some with sheer indifference
Some with a perverse interest
But none answer the call of duty
The call which is as basic
As the need for oxygen
You have no idea
What it's like, to be a woman
As she heads home
Seeking much needed solace
She is instead upbraided
For wearing a short skirt
For walking alone in the night
For not being a lady
As she fails to get support
From the family she holds dear
As a shipwreck survivor
Barely floating in freezing waters
Clings on to that piece of wood
Her self-esteem nosedives
Like that fateful Air India flight
That crashed at Mangalore
And shifts the blame onto herself
For not understanding the men
Who've brought her to this state
And succumbs to Stockholm Syndrome
Completing a vicious circle
Leaving men and the patriarchy winners
Winners who deserve the title
As much as a student
Who clears his trimesters
Using bits of paper
Tucked neatly inside his shoes
She said "dear, inspire me", when the truth is that I can't.
It's not that I don't want to, but all I do is rant.
Some bitching here, a comment there, as if I feel I must.
I'm throwing around cynicism like its fuckin fairy dust.
The fact is dear, there's nothing inspiring about me.
I'm mediocre when at my best, no reason to ever doubt me.
Oh sure I can tell you all about the mysterious Devils Kettle.
Or talk at length if you will about the Spinxs favorite riddle.
I know the Raven to and fro, but no one wants to hear it.
I can tell you if you crock that roast, it'll be better if you sear it.
I cannot grow you flowers or always make you laugh.
I can't even say you'll be impressed at my version of a staff.
I'm sorry dear I truly am, for my game is truly lacking.
My talents few and far between, I'm not even good at stacking.
I can keep you up for nights on end with what I know of Russia.
Or spit for you a thousand tales just one shy of Scheherazade.
See what I mean? That last verse barely makes any sense.
Kind of like that inferno opera The Pirates of Penzance.
I will tell you if I may, it's not entirely my fault you see.
For once you take up nihilism you may cease to even be.
I will tell you my good friend, that you are indeed my friend.
Someone there to read this shit and maybe smile at the end.
If a pirate has a peg for a leg
And a stool has a leg for a peg
Now... would they be brothers
From different mothers
Riddle me this ... I do beg.
I'm floating adrift
Battered but alive clinging
Mermaids save pirates
when misfortune tries to shipwreck my future and i'm enslaved by chains of doubt,youreach out a gentle loving hand to me and suddenly itsso very clear what this gift of love is, is all about.when fearwith deadly hands, slowly chokes life out of dreams, and I want to stay in bed, with the covers over head.strength that was inside leaks in a run like a fleeting bride,your love recaptures it all.when wide eyed unrest disturbs the street of my familiar, this happens each time you are not near ,and I hear the music skip in an uneven beat,than your hungry armscircle around meand the touchis a gentle fire.
There once was a place
That i would like to go
My own secret hiding space
Hidden in the ground below
Far away from prying eyes
Never touched by the sun
Blacker than the winter skies
It's to these caves that I like to run
Searching for buried pirates treasure
Or other worthy things that i could find
The constant solitude gives me pleasure
And helps to relax my worried mind
But one day tragedy befell the cave
Blocking me from my final endeavor
And the very sanity i was trying to save
Was lost all because nothing lasts forever.
By M.L.Link
I sit quietly and watch as they all pass by
Strange strangers of every shape and size
Wondering what and who and how they are
Wondering how they've all come this far
There's the short man with shoes too small
The old woman, under her arm an old doll
The young man who always wears pink
The woman whose fingers are covered in ink
The man whose face is sprinkled with pimples
The little girl, on her left cheek one dimple
The gray haired woman singing under her breath
The man with the face anxiously waiting for death
The young woman hiding behind her dark hair
The albino man sitting while enjoying a pear
The woman standing rigid, who silently cries
The tall man standing near, eating her with his eyes
The lady wearing too much makeup, always bored
The father with his son whom he simply ignores
The crumpled man begging for food with his words
The blind woman who instead feeds the birds
The little boy with the white balloon in hand
The tallest trumpet player from a marching band
The bald man with the tattoo depicting a shipwreck
The woman in the suit with the scar on her neck
The two lovers sharing their first and last kiss
The man with the rings decorating his fists
The smiling woman whose cuts are apparent
The quiet young man whose arms are all bent
The old man with the bag full of piano keys
The blind old man with the parrot who sees
The young man with his black hat pulled down
The gentleman unabashedly dressed like a clown
The man with the blood shot eyes, scruffy head
The girl with the one streak of blonde hair dyed red
The small woman with the paper bag holding beer
And the lost looking man wondering why he is here
All of these men and woman and more I observe
Always coming and going, their stories unheard
For they are simply strangers for me to behold
Disconnected from me, yet still part of a whole
For among them I have my own story and role
But if only I could heard their own stories told
For then maybe I could understand my place
In a world full of strangers with each their own strange face
After childhood sleep,
Of days into dawning,
Shucked of dusted clay,
Eyes set unto fawning,
Then, the rowing began.
Shy gentle waves lulling
As it does for Everyman
Who seeks loves' culling.
In a tempest of blue sky,
I was engulfed so plain,
That time was sore to eye,
All suitors never maidens.
One true love never came,
Nor to fly as birds teeming,
Now all is shipwreck of age,
Ah, but to drown dreaming.
Hello, everyone! This is one of the weirdest sites: or your money back! We have ZIM, neopets, music, and much, much, more. E-mail us for questions, comments, complaints and information. Why not click on the Very Weird Stuff link to see more, or click on the music link? We have halloween and christmas pictures on the NeoPics link. Cheese is not a wild thing!!!!!!!!! Now I have decided to go for a world record. I will try to make the longest web page ever, made completely out of text! Won't that be fun? I will just type, and type, and never, ever use copy and paste. Wow...I really must be bored. Just goes to show what boredom can do to you. Any way, that's it for now. Wait, no it isn't, I still have to keep going, and going, and going. Because I do. THE REST OF THE STUFF I TYPE WILL BE COMPLETLY IN CAPS JUST BECAUSE I CAN. THAT IS ALL. SEEYA! Hi, I'm back. So far this is nowhere near the world record. I think. I don't exactly know where it is...oh, well. I'll just have to do the very best that I can. No one is really coming here, anyway. So it doesn't matter. By the way, TAB is a worthwhile, community-service organization. The form link is to a 100% fake TAB registration form that you can fill out just for laughs. I can't believe I'm bothering to do this. I have very low expectations of my site. None ever comes here, I could do this all day long and I still wouldn't have any more hits. This is just a pointless excursive in spelling errors and grammatical imprecision. May your day be shiney! The following is an extremely weird poem-thingy that I wrote when I was in a relatively weird mood:
never mind that noise my dear can anyone pass the cheese only if you say pretty please oh, boy do I have to sneeze. why must everyone always rhyme, why Im a poet and dont I know it? what I fear comes right after here not this life or the next will I ever be able to pass the test? were stuck in here, (alone my dear) and well problem never get out so dont start to shout. its dark and I want to go home is where the heart was where is it now? well never know but oh crap its starting to snow and its time to show and tell about the well that you found last summer at camp when it was damp it was near the ramp oh god why must this be I liked that tree but now its gone, farewell so long Ill miss you as long as you write but then Im afraid to say good-night. my dear theres nothing to fear thats only a box thats made of blocks next to the wagon that looks like a dragon why are you shaking its your fear that is making you shiver and act all a quiver. dont you know that you only need be afraid of fear and never anything here and certainly not a post that acts like a ghost?
See, very weird. At least it fills up my word quota for the day. Not that I exactly have a word quota for the day. It just sounded very professional to say it. Anyway, I still don't think that anyone is actually coming here. You'd have to be an absolute loser (or really bored) to come here. I'd probley come here, but that isn't much of a surprise. After all, I've been to the Really Really Big Button That Doesn't Do Anything website over 50 times. Pathetic. But, whatever. As long as I'm happy, right. Humor the crazy person, okay? Oh, guess what? According to someone you problem don't know, this is the second most pointless website ever! Next to the Really Big Button, of course. I feel special. Come on everyone, group hug. Okay, now I'm starting to scare myself...I'm gonna quit for today. Seeya. Now I'm back. Is this getting confusing to you? Too bad. Now I want you to go to http://quiz.ravenblack.net/blood.pl?biter=eon" If you do this I'll get points in the game. Come on all you non-existing people! Help me! You know you want to! It's a worthy cause! Honestly, the more time I waste playing the game, the less time I'll work on this site and the less stuff you gotta read. Although why you'd be here if you didn't want to read is beyond me. Maybe you're lost. Okay, if you want to get out, click the little refresh button, okay? Good...what? You say it didn't let you out? Oh, well. You must be caught in a time warp. Keep pressing it. Maybe you'll break free. What's that. The little counter at the bottom keeps going up? Never mind. That's just how many times you have to click before you can leave. Good-bye.
Hey, I'm once again: back. I don't suppose you fell for that little thing about the refresh button. After all, you're a responsible, intelligent person who apparently has a lot of time on your hands. Well, you can't possibly have more time than I do. I mean, after all, I made this site. You're only browsing it. And most people don't even come here. Not even my friends...<em>sniffle</em> The just ignore this poor, pathetic little page. All they do is fill out the TAB form and leave. I think. Maybe they're here right now! HI! HOW ARE YOU DOING? I'M FINE! THANKS FOR COMING! YES, I'M YELLING! Who am I kidding. This page won't get a single hit, unless I bribe people...now that has possibilities. Okay, fill out the TAB form, so I have proof that you bothered to come here and...uh...I'll...uh...send you a sandwich? Please allow 6-8 weeks for delivery. I'm bored. I'm gonna go hug a moose. MOOSE! I love-d you moose! Hey, I'm back again! Yea...<em>waits for applause</em> okay! Now I want all you loyal fans...<em>cricket chirps</em> to go to the link to see what I'm like. I took a whole bunch of personality quizzes and posted them there. I'm an evil villain, kitty and a freakazoid so far. And I only took the quiz once, too. Spooky how accurate they are...anyway, I command you to go! I'm going. I'm back. I'm gonna start counting how many times I say back. Let's see: 1...2...3...4...5! Wow. I must really be desperate for something to do. I now officially have proof that someone has been here! It was one of my friends. Apparently this page really is getting long, because my friend said something to that effect. Maybe. Anyway, moving on! I'm just basically typing nothing. Just like all those reports people have to do. You know? With a specific number of words. They start out with half that number, and then just fill in words until they have the right amount. I salute those people. You're great tradition is being carried out here, on the second most pointless site ever! Well. Maybe eventually some weird, bored person will wander onto my site on accident and be mildly entertained be my site until they wander onto a live video feed of a coffee maker. Or maybe not. I only know that I'm entertaining me, which was my original goal. So. I've done what I've set out to accomplish. Yea, me! I'm so special. You see, most people, they don't like reading or writing. So if you're not most people, you've made it down this far without skipping, skimming or getting the spark notes version. (Which I think does not exist) My point is, if you've bothered to read this, then, (like me) you probley have also read the ketchup bottle so many times that you have it down verbatim. Look verbatim up. It's a word. But, you should know that, since you like reading. Or maybe you're just skimming. Anyway, there's nothing wrong with reading food labels. You might be asked a question about them on a quiz show. And now, for the million-dollar question: How many calories are there in a single serving of Mustard? I can just see it now...It could be called Know-Your-Food. Or You are What you Eat. It'd probley be as popular as those game shows that no one's ever heard of. Speaking of food, what's up with pie? There's strawberry pie, apple, pumpkin and so many others, but there is no grape pie! I know. I'm just as upset about this unfortunate lack of development in the pie division. Think about it. Grapes are used to make jelly, jam, juice and raisins. What makes them undesirable for pie? Would they dry into raisins? Couldn't you just stick some jelly in a piecrust and bake it? It just doesn't make any sense. Another thing that bothers me is organ grinders. You know, the foreign guys with the bellhop hats and the little music thingy and the cute little monkey with the bellhop hat who collects the money? Okay. They're basically begging on the street. How did they ever afford an organ-thingy? Wouldn't it make more sense to get a kazoo, if you're broke? And if they're so poor, what possessed them to buy a monkey? I mean, I don't think I could afford a monkey, and I'm not exactly on the streets. Obviously I at least have a computer...so, back to the organ grinders. I would have sold the monkey and the organ and been able to eat for at least a year. Or, if I was weirder than I am, I could at least kill the monkey with the organ and eat it. Why on earth did they keep the monkey? It must have cost a fortune to feed...not to mention the mess. That's just one of those many facts of life that are better left mysteries. Especially since no one but me would ask the question. I better go. I think I hear a monkey...Okay...now I'm back. That's the sixth time I've said back! I realize that this longest text ever must be very boring and not worth anyone's time. But I'd like to take this time to thank the 2 and 1/2 people in the entire universe who have bothered to read this entire thing. I'm not exactly sure who they are, but: thanks! Right now, my spacebar is malfunctioning...that's not good...I have to press it two or three times just to insert a freaking space. Maybe the evil little faeries with the sharp little teeth have put their evil faerie dust on my computer. Or maybe not. This is too frustrating. Goodbye for now...Now I'm back. And still frustrated. But for a different reason. Today I had the misfortune of playing a Treasure Planet game on neopets.com It was terrible. Apparently the point of the game was to get your character to shout "Whoo-Hoo!" as many times as possible before you splattered your brains on the rocks, all the while listening to a soundtrack that is similar to a dying ceiling fan. Of course, when I started out I accidentally hit the rocks approximately three million times. Halfway though I used my four remaining brain-cells to decide that the game was dumb. So my goal changed from surviving to laughing evilly while my character died. So the game naturally did everything it could to preserve my life. The stupid game is still going on and I refuse to quit because I want my points. My character is actually dodging the stupid rocks better now then when I controlled him. I hate irony. Seeya. Okay. Now I'm back again. Today I added an update page, which is basically a less chaotic, outlined version of this without all the ranting. It's more like techno talk about arrays and how much I suck and whether or not the Braves will win this year. Okay, the whole braves thing is made up. But everything else I've said so far is true. I think. Maybe I should start on a boring disclaimer...Eh-hem. All contents of this site were designed for entertainment purposes only. Any use thereof that is not stated in the above mentioned statement would make the author, hereby referred to as Patron Saint of Paper Clips, very angry. Should you violate the purpose of this site: i.e. become not entertained, the Patron Saint of Paper Clips will be forced to take drastic measures. This is specified in Code: 343 of the Flaming Chicken Handbook. Ooooothats a great idea! Im gonna start quoting from the Flaming Chicken Handbook! Code: 343 of the Flaming Chicken Handbook states that the Patron Saint of Paper Clips (thats me) is allowed to cause vague, pain like sensations while the offending person (or alien life form, dog, etc.) isnt paying attention. Now I have a purpose in life! To make up quotes from the non-existent Flaming Chicken Handbook, which Im sure you have a copy of. No? Too bad. Its in the mail, I promise! Now I must take my leaveand remember. Cheese is watching. Okay...I'm back...I think that eventually half of this thing will consist of the word back over and over again...that's just weird. Which fits the motif of the rest of the site. There's even a money back guarantee. Isnt' that nice? See? Now no one can ever say that I don't take care of my viewers. Especially since I don't have viewers. I have readers. Wait...I really don't even know if anyone bothers to read this. Even if I put it in a less chaotic, more user-friendly format people would still ignore this because it involves: reading. Yes. Sad to admit, but the majority of people would rather read the summary at the back of a book rather than the whole book itself. What has the world come to? It's pathetic. Especially since I'm bothering to write all this. It's not fair! Why can't I have more readers?! All the other internet writers have nothing on me, except they're better at advertising, having a central theme/plot and basically more talented. Whereas I'm more into the whole ranting and raving stage right now. Plus, I am horrible at spelling. Which is bad. Thank the powers that be for spell-check. The single greatest invention of the computer gods. I'm getting bored, so I think I'm done for the day. May your day be shiney! I'm back again! And I feel weird! I found at that yet another one of my friends is reading this. Creepy. Just how much time do they have on their hands. Perhaps their just trying to be nice. I can just see it now...an organization devoted not to feeding the hungry, or peace, or love or whatever, but to giving recognition to all those poor, pathetic, unpopular websites. I wonder what it's name would be. Don't Ignore Sites? Would it be called DIS? Isn't that like a slang term for an insult? Would that be considered poetic justice, or just a nice coincidence? And why do I even care? I'll tell you why. Because I have nothing else to do right now. I could be playing neopets, but ever since my bad experience with Treasure Planet, I don't feel like it. Oh, by the way, I noticed that whenever I use spell-check, my stupid computer turns the word probley into to word problem. To prevent this, I did nothing. So, it is now up to you, the imaginary reader, to decide whether I mean probley or problem...it's almost like a game! But without the bad sound track. And I promise not to force you to live when you would rather die. Moving on, I have nothing else to say, but don't feel like quitting just yet. I'm like the little engine that could. Or maybe the Energizer Bunny. I just keep going, and going and going. Or I could be like that annoying guy on T.V. who keeps asking if you can hear him. If my site manages to last a decade, my readers <em>snicker</em> will probley wonder what I'm talking about. My answer is simple. It doesn't matter. I'm just rambling. Which means that it doesn't matter if you understand anything I say. Doesn't that make you feel better? I bet it does. Wow. Look how long this has gotten. I even impress myself. Who would have thought I have this much free time? And I congratulate any reader who has gotten this far. Ooooooo! You must check out the fortunes section of the random stuff page! I've just gotten an idea for some more, original, fortunes...I gotta go!(may the moose be with you) And now I am back. I swear. If iI fill out the fake tab form I'm gonna have to put back as my favorite word...I already have filled it out, though. Would it be cheating to fill it out again? Only if I had multiple personalities. Or would it be cheating if I didn't have multiple personalities? The world may never know. Just like how many licks it takes to get to the bottom of a tootsie pop. Would it vary? The number of licks, I mean. Someone could have super-disolving spit, or watery-spit. Or what if you took big ol' slobbery licks? Does the commercial take that into account? No. It doesn't. And let me tell you, it's an outrage. It deludes all of American's sweet, innocent, candy-loving children into thinking that a cartoon owl is smarter than they are! "Mr. Owl, can you tell us how many licks does it take to get to the bottom of a tootsie pop?" Or whatever. And "Mr. Owl" replies "One...Twoo...Three! Chomp" And he bites it. That teaches our youth that it's okay to agree to help someone, and then ruin their experiment. Well...it's not. I am going to start a protest group. Teens Against Cartoon Owls. We could call ourselves TACO! I love the little tacos, I love them good! That is a direct quote from GIR, co-star and comic-relief on INVADER ZIM
You said you were in love with me
but I wasn't your first.
My burning fingertips ran rampant
on your battle-struck armour
I engraved your scars in my memory
so I could forget my own wars.
Steaming whispers of wine and cigarettes
told me I was special
as you welded yourself on to my skin -
But was it really me that you wanted?
Was I the name your mind whispered
when you poured yourself another drink?
Was I the one that made you feel
fulfilled?
Your mind was a pirate ship
And she was your storm -
She was aching bones and bleeding hearts
and I was nothing more
than a paper cut.
That raging tempest left you blind
and you failed to notice
how I had met a hurricane
whose torrent smelt like gin.
She stole the wind from my sails
and left fault lines in my rib cage
Her lying kisses are still emblazoned
on this ashen skin you caress.
I said I was in love with you,
but you weren't mine either.
Dear sir*,
We met that morning over coffee. You told me she thought your eyes were pretty so I caught myself in them. You don't drink coffee but you smiled at me nonetheless. We painted a picture with your smile, and your eyes, and my pastels. They were all I could supply on such a nice day. Your hands were blue and yellow and mine were small, disguised in black and pink. Those are the only colors I wear. Yet you painted my skin with yellow, and blue, and goosebumps. I ended up with black, and blue, and yellow, and a smile on my face. I can't tell you how much I appreciate the picture we painted of mermaids and stars, pirates and pyramids, however short it lasts. Drawings like that are ephemeral. Which is why I like them so much. E-phem-er-al... Like the time we spent joking and shyly glancing away. Fingers crossed for another day, because days like that stay, in picturesque stained glass memories.
Best Regards,
*Ashley
when misfortune tries to shipwreck my future and i'm enslaved by chains of doubt,youreach out a gentle loving hand to me and suddenly itsso very clear what this gift of love is, is all about.when fearwith deadly hands, slowly chokes life out of dreams, and I want to stay in bed, with the covers over head.strength that was inside leaks in a run like a fleeting bride,your love recaptures it all.when wide eyed unrest disturbs the street of my familiar, this happens each time you are not near ,and I hear the music skip in an uneven beat,than your hungry armscircle around meand the touchis a gentle fire.
Vodka is my drug of choice
It's like an oxymoron
Burning as it soothes the senses
But tonight I took a voyage
With thieves and pirates and scoundrels
There was no burn
In my chest
Until the captain
Kissed my lips
And sent me overboard
There are spiritual healers getting in touch with those spirits
To ask them why they are present, ' said Erica. Usually,
When you call them, they come to tell you some secrets.
Some sad lovers that passed away can't leave this world peacefully.''
They can be demons, too, ' said Maya. We must talk with the priest, '
Said Geraldine. Lets search in the storage room, ' she continued,
Well find something, and we'll face this truth together, at least.''
''I hear the steps of someone walking away from this window, ''
Said Carla.'' Maybe it's the rain tapping on the sill, ''
Replied Geraldine. Surak opened the window and said,
'It doesn't rain; in the soft wind, I hear only the birds' trill.''
''But I've found some books in a big box for safe keeping instead.''
(Maya and Erica went to buy fresh fish from one of the many fisheries existent in that village.)
Fargo entered the Spianada, the largest square
In the Balkans, which was created by the Venetians.
The sound of the sea waves was like a stir in the air.
The peaks of the Old Fortress looked like swords of the Titans.
He passed the lighthouse tower and entered the underground
Tunnels that linked the Fortress with the main parts of the town.
Then, he entered the New Fortress, and when he looked around,
He saw the gates, the sea shore, and the land that sloped down.
(The port has been an important naval base since the Roman period. Considerably, Corfu was called the Gibraltar of the Adriatic. He bought a galley.)
The Ionian Islands belonged to the Republic
Of Venice; they were slowly conquered, one by one, in time.
Corfu voluntarily became a colony; its public
Gardens made the Islands' governor reside on that sublime
Territory; its economy was based on exporting
Raisins, olive oil and wine, whereas the Venetian lira
Was the currency of the islands; while incorporating
The culture of Venice, these people used a plethora
Of Italian words, because this language was official.
Venice had garrison soldiers, scattered in island forts
With muskets and bayonets made of the iron material.
The impromptu recruits and mercenaries were hired in the ports.
(Fargo started to talk with the infantry captain and with the lowborn ships captain.)
'' It's hard to eradicate the piracy from the world.''
''Because of money, the soldiers are recruited as needed.'
''Only with the convoy protection, the sail with the ships is furled.
When it is no longer required, their claims are unheeded.''
''The Muslim pirates attack the Christian ships to enslave.''
''I've heard there are Jewish pirates, too, '' ''Because of Inquisition, ''
''The corsairs are dangerous, '' '' Our ships hardly can face on this wave.''
The Christian navies are weak; don't have enough ammunition.''
''The Muslim opponents are fast; you need a large convoy.
You will be convoyed by us until you enter Italy-
After fighting the pirates.'' ''On our ship, there is an envoy.''
''To let you sail, they wanted some protection money.''
''Europe pays its duty to protect its own action,
But accepts the growth of piracy in Indian waters.''
''The piracy is bad in theory, but usefully practiced-
A cheap way to expand their economic and naval powers.''
''The governments don't want to eradicate the piracy.''
''The anti-pirate campaigns are only documents.''
''These pirates mean business behind the wall of privacy.
In bars and brothels for crews, the money means strong arguments.''
''This eradication needs a revision to the law.''
'' Only in the Spanish colonies, they are executed, ''
''Spain has a court of officers, '' '' This is a Britain law, new.''
''In return for the pardon, these pirates are persuaded.''
(The captain gave Fargo two galliots, each one having 80 oarsmen and 60 soldiers.)
(To be continued...)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
i don't have a way with words
less poet
more the howling fool that chases them apart
my sweaty struggles always leave me blinded and alone
owed nothing
clinging to
empty
empty
spaces
i call these spaces stories
and like the siren that grants
a shipwreck and death against razor sharp rocks
i lure them in
found their deepest darkest secret
every word wants nothing more
than to die like a story
see,
i have a way with stories
and i'd like to imagine
that stories take up a place as the echo
of love when it grows from that first enticing smile
or the infant cry when it purges childhood pain
deep down in the hidden treasuries of
your most heartfelt of hearts
me tracing this with pitch black ink on paper
you committing this to your beating crimson heart
we're connected with an ancient thread that
even the gods dare not tear apart
see they too
in all their might and glory
want nothing more
than the epic bliss
of a truly good
and heartfelt
story.
I see...
Majestic stallions, composed of stars, riding tides, of deep night sky,
In my eyes,
I feel...
reverberations of water on flesh,
as mothers tears give meaning to young sons early death,
I hear anger, in the voice of the old, whipping youths ears, like december cold,
Can i speak? may i be so bold,
as to caress the worlds order, and try to fold,
solid institutions cracking with decay,
whose every single fisher seems to give way,
to a ray,
of light,
previously unseen,
the veiled confusion of darkness ripped by knowledge at the seem,
choose never to break,
from,
my dream world till kingdom come,
drunk off imagination like a pirate off rum,
running with mental agility a bullet out a gun,
when all is said and done,

DREAMS SET ME FREE!
unequivocally,
like an ancient man staring into a stream,
my dream,
reflects me,
and when my eyes close,
i start to see
Learning how to swim was the most traumatic skill I ever learned
Sure, if I ever found myself on a sinking ship I could survive
But I dont consider playing in water a source of a good time
I dont really go to beaches, I dont like going to pools, hell I dont even like drinking water
I had this mental complex that water displaced any confidence I ever had in myself
I had this afraid to die complex, and any time I was in the water
It felt like I was swimming laps around my own grave
I remember when I thought I didnt like people
So I never went to parties unless I was dragged to them
I was an inflatable lounge chair in this pool of faceless people
Aimlessly floating, passively wishing someone would sit with me
My friends would ask me to jump off the diving platform and loosen up
But just the thought of opening my mouth made me feel like drowning
I would stand on that platform, look over the edge
and I thought, what if they laughed because I said hi instead of hello?
I could only imagine free falling awkwardly into the water
failing to break the surface tension with the weight of my awkwardness
I would find myself flailing underwater, not sure which way was up
I couldnt breathe, my oxygen tanks critically low on air
My mind was blaring sirens, a red alert that I will die
I need air, I need air, I freaking need air
All of these people are using up my freaking air
I need to get out of here now, I got to go, I got to leave
I need some space, please, just get away from me
My head broke the surface, I took hastened gasps of life
And I realized, I hadnt said a word to these people
You see, the thing about my anxiety and its attack on my body
Is that I get asphyxiated on situations that havent happened yet
I learned how to tread water by accident
My body learned that you cant drown if you just keep moving
I was a buoy in the ocean, a beacon for lost souls trying to find their way home
But you see buoys, which are guides to misplaced navigators
Expend their purpose when others find what they were looking for
Then they are left alone, with no place to call their own
Like a captain at the helm without the beauty of the moon
Happiness is about as buoyant as the Titanic in April
I saw my hopes sink with every crashing wave
Becoming acutely aware of a quiet thats supposed to be peaceful
Yet the silence of the night casted a shadow on my self-worth
Leaving me spinning in a whirlpool of my destructive inner dialogue
And suddenly, I was just tired of treading water
The muscles in my body begged to give up trying
My body was just the twisted shipwreck of a voyage I no longer wished to take
And when I finally stopped moving, I slipped under the waves
I remember thinking this water and my tears have the exact same taste
I was done, there was no reason to keep treading
Through an ocean that was no longer worth swimming in
But remember, I have that afraid to die complex
I was swimming laps around my grave but had no intention to lay in it
My friends found me floating hopelessly in my misery
Climbed inside my head and kicked my depression in the teeth
They reminded me that I cant drown if I just keep moving
Because I am still here, so I just kept treading
I would thank...you
There is such beauty in your...pain
And there is the...healer in.me.
but the ache let's me know I'm alive
I've loved you in my hea(rt)d
and my hea(d)rt longs to.know.you.more.
I was so rarely lonely...before,...I met you
...and it doesn't/wouldn't/couldn't/won't have
to make sense to anyone,...but me and {maybe} you
//how you seeped into my bones//linger in my mouth//your pirate smile smuggles my thoughts//
And,....tell me now, darling; how do I get
through...tonight...today
{knowing you are out there}
And we con-nect-ed....
SO...ManY...Dots...
andwordsmatter.
When it went// silen.t.//
well...
it just knocked me to the floor...
...and i've been laying/lying/laid/lain there
ever...
...since...
Little monsters frolic
pirate ships <em>"ahoy,</em>
Imaginations gift of play,
An invisible play-pal,
Creativity of a youthful mind.
Keeping monsters of night away
Believe me
I see you
I've seen those eyes before
Drowning
Trapped in patched-up paddle boats
With promises of tomorrow slipping down your face
Like saline shipwrecks fleeing harbor
And greeting the ocean floor with damaged handshakes
And now you're hopeless
Focused on could have been's and maybe one day's
Knowing one day
Swelled up storm clouds
Could slide through your cheek bones
Like sunshowers preventing your skyline parades
But I see you still searching for rainbows
Covering your face with two handfuls of imagination
Daydreaming of days where technicolor dreamcoats
Become wrapped around your soul
Like tuxedos for the bold
I see you
I've seen those arms before
Hanging
Like willow branches in the moonlight
Rebellious to rise upright
Assuming your wood is only good enough
For kitchen tables or park benches
And now you're tired
Only fired up when your flesh
Converts to kindling on a campfire
Building sparks that shimmer for seconds
When your light deserves a lifetime
But I see you still inclined to shine brightly
Trying to assign meaning to your life with two inspired limbs
That can freely build bridges or climb mountaintops
Clinging onto hope with sturdy fists
Exploring the peaks of your potential
I see you
I've seen those legs before
Shaking
Like tattered toothpicks on prom night
Frozen in stage fright on the dance floor
Pressing muted prayers with each footstep
Into creaky floorboards waiting for silence to ensue
And now you're nervous
You're certain your tree trunks can't possibly find the rhythm
So your shoes are the victims of bashfulness
Fearing one false step will uproot your jitterbugs
And place them alongside the butterflies in your stomach
But I see you still uncertain of your insecurities
Longing for a time where your aspirations
Don't reside on magazine covers or in shrinking waistlines
Because you know you're alive just fine
I see you
In the Northern Natal tribes of South Africa
Neighbors greet each other <em>Sawubona</em>
A heaven sent expression that translates to
I see you
You are who I envisioned you to be
I see you
Brushstrokes of imperfections shaded in perfectly
I see you
It's more than just your typical hello
It's a phrase for all of us to speak solely with our souls
It can make you feel at home at the center of your bones
When all your hope is lost and there's no where left to go
So when I greet you
Listen carefully
This is a reminder that your eyes can be thunderous
Your arms can be victorious
And your legs can be ambitious
Your presence is necessary for this discussion
And your essence is accepted here
Let me speak your spirit into existence
Seeing is believing
And believe me
I see you
I hopped in daddy's car today
We drove to an old looking house
Daddy said make sure and be careful
I said okay, because it may have ghost.
He brought his special brush for bones
I walked with creaks and squeaks
This was an adventure for Susie-ann!
I'd been waiting for this for weeks.
I was a knight sent to kill a dragon.
I was a pirate in search for treasure chest
"I am a girl with big imagination,"
Says my daddy with his searching vest.
I walk up the entry way
The tree scratched the door
This would be my great adventure
My feet were far from sore.
I didn't give up just that easy
A adventurer never quits
My job was not over yet
I couldn't have any submits
I flicked my flashlight at the wall
The ghost could not be seen
I was getting bored now
Embarrassed by the scene.
I was a child looking for ghost
Ghost, this house did not hold
I don't know why I was looking for ghost
When I should really be looking for gold.
Who ever loves, if he do not propose
The right true end of love, hes one that goes
To sea for nothing but to make him sick.
Love is a bear-whelp born: if we oerlick
Our love, and force it new strange shapes to take,
We err, and of a lump a monster make.
Were not a calf a monster that were grown
Faced like a man, though better than his own?
Perfection is in unity: prefer
One woman first, and then one thing in her.
I, when I value gold, may think upon
The ductileness, the application,
The wholsomeness, the ingenuity,
From rust, from soil, from fire ever free;
But if I love it, tis because tis made
By our new nature (Use) the soul of trade.
All these in women we might think upon
(If women had them) and yet love but one.
Can men more injure women than to say
They love them for that by which theyre not they?
Makes virtue woman? Must I cool my blood
Till I both be, and find one, wise and good?
May barren angels love so! But if we
Make love to woman, virtue is not she,
As beautys not, nor wealth. He that strays thus
From her to hers is more adulterous
Than if he took her maid. Search every sphere
And firmament, our Cupid is not there;
Hes an infernal god, and under ground
With Pluto dwells, where gold and fire abound:
Men to such gods their sacrificing coals
Did not in altars lay, but pits and holes.
Although we see celestial bodies move
Above the earth, the earth we till and love:
So we her airs contemplate, words and heart
And virtues, but we love the centric part.
Nor is the soul more worthy, or more fit,
For love than this, as infinite is it.
But in attaining this desired place
How much they err that set out at the face.
The hair a forest is of ambushes,
Of springs, snares, fetters and manacles;
The brow becalms us when tis smooth and plain,
And when tis wrinkled shipwrecks us again
Smooth, tis a paradise where we would have
Immortal stay, and wrinkled tis our grave.
The nose (like to the first meridian) runs
Not twixt an East and West, but twixt two suns;
It leaves a cheek, a rosy hemisphere,
On either side, and then directs us where
Upon the Islands Fortunate we fall,
(Not faint Canaries, but Ambrosial)
Her swelling lips; to which when we are come,
We anchor there, and think ourselves at home,
For they seem all: there Sirens songs, and there
Wise Delphic oracles do fill the ear;
There in a creek where chosen pearls do swell,
The remora, her cleaving tongue doth dwell.
These, and the glorious promontory, her chin,
Oerpassed, and the straight Hellespont between
The Sestos and Abydos of her breasts,
(Not of two lovers, but two loves the nests)
Succeeds a boundless sea, but yet thine eye
Some island moles may scattered there descry;
And sailing towards her India, in that way
Shall at her fair Atlantic navel stay;
Though thence the current be thy pilot made,
Yet ere thou be where thou wouldst be embayed
Thou shalt upon another forest set,
Where many shipwreck and no further get.
When thou art there, consider what this chase
Misspent by thy beginning at the face.
Rather set out below; practise my art.
Some symetry the foot hath with that part
Which thou dost seek, and is thy map for that,
Lovely enough to stop, but not stay at;
Least subject to disguise and change it is
Men say the devil never can change his.
It is the emblem that hath figured
Firmness; tis the first part that comes to bed.
Civility we see refined; the kiss
Which at the face began, transplanted is,
Since to the hand, since to the imperial knee,
Now at the papal foot delights to be:
If kings think that the nearer way, and do
Rise from the foot, lovers may do so too;
For as free spheres move faster far than can
Birds, whom the air resists, so may that man
Which goes this empty and ethereal way,
Than if at beautys elements he stay.
Rich nature hath in women wisely made
Two purses, and their mouths aversely laid:
They then which to the lower tribute owe
That way which that exchequer looks must go:
He which doth not, his error is as great
As who by clyster gave the stomach meat.
I'am The Puppet of Love,
For you my girl,
to my heart I shove.
Pulling a mask, on my face,
for your love, i gave a chase.
At the end of time,
i do find you,
with the sweetest chime,
over the sky you flew.
I met you there as a Joker,
amazed were you,
Laughed at my tunes,
danced at me voice.
Then you moved along,
said me good bye,
i stood right there,
under the face i cry.
I chased you down
the river bloom,
i met you there,
at half past noon.
I wore the mask, of a thief.
I came to steal ye,
from the pirate chief.
You saw me, with pity eyes,
kissed me cheek, with a lovely lie.
You gave a smile, you turn your face,
promised the thief to give up the chase.
My heart was broke but hope ain't lost,
i picked me up, i took the post.
I followed you up,the mountain top,
i found you there, in a shady stop,
i pulled the face of a wizard,
i tried my tricks to please you hard,
you were amused to see me there,
covered in flames,
with a magic wand,
clapped at me moves,
eyes wide spread,
then you moved away,
blew me a kiss,
the sweet scent of love,
the one i miss.
Unwilling to leave,i followed your scent,
under the star,
with the moon crescent.
I saw you move to my endemic town,
the one in i grew,
the one were i could be me.
I took my steps to a shabby inn,
held my drink,
waited in faith.
Round the corner of me eyes,
i thought i saw you move,
i turned my face to find you grove,
you gave to me, your perfect smile,
crossed the hall, which felt a mile.
took my hands around your waist,
pulled me close, for my heart won't rest.
i could feel your beat, close to mine,
as we danced to summer of 69.
You looked me eyes,
you sealed my lips,
i could ask no more,
for my story don't end,
it goes forth, transcend.
Looks like we're headed for mean season
I gave you rhyme when you needed reason
And it's a shame our ways have shifted
Passive clown, unknown grifter
Burning bridges ain't as fun as it looks
Head of bricks and a heart that cooks
Spin the top, board the pirate ship
Lobotomy's botched and so are my lips
He said, "You're riding for a terrible fall"
But stone cold statues always stand tall
How many roads till you find the right path
Everybody dies, do the math
Looks like we're headed for strange reasons
To a place that never has seasons
And it's a shame our heads have shifted
Mature clown, widowed mistress
once, there were two fish, because i needed them to be happy. but because of their happiness i had to make a change, for happiness cannot last forever. perhaps her little child is lost. it is a boy child maybe. she loves him, whomever he is. i love him too and i dont even know who he is or why i have just now accidentally made him. the mother fish swims through the underworld of the sea searching for the fish baby. maybe she will find him or maybe she never will, she has no way of knowing just like no one will ever read these words. it is ok though, because i have written them. maybe. the mother keeps the story going because she misses her lost little fish. there is an anenome, maybe. no, my mistake, it seems there was not. in a forest of kelp waved some fins that reminded the mother fish of her lonely boy: these treasures are important in the cold depths of the sea. maybe a memory is more important than the flesh, she thinks. she is lonely. once there was happiness. the memory of happiness floats aimless in the sea like her. she has made poor choices in her lonely life but it is important to endure these mistakes, for they showed the poor fish mother (not me) who she really was. i only wrote some words distract myself but now it has become an ocean and fish and the fish are sad though i wanted them to be happy. it is difficult being a fish. and then the fish think 'why am i sad,' and that why causes even greater grief and that goes on forever, like the ocean. it is good that i am writing about something big enough to be written about. there i go again making poor choices: this story is supposed to be about the poor little mother fish but i have made a big mess of things by talking about my own problems, so let's not get more distracted here. that is the kind of mistake i will have to live with. 'find my fish,' she says now to someone or to me, so let us all return to that. i would not want to be a mother without her fish. she is mad at me because she thinks i have hidden her fish. i am sorry, i did not mean to hide your fish, but you looked so unhappy being happy and i love you. distractions are the nature of the ocean, any thing can shift at a moments notice which makes it difficult to find things that may or may not be lost. there was always a small son at the mother's breast, because love is in the heart. but the mother fish swims on right past her own heart for now, because that should remain the last place she looks. the son must be somewhere. the ocean is vast but every sorrow must somehow come to an end. where can her poor fish be, for he is lost (as i would be) and lonely (as i am). the sea hides her dangers with her beauties so that any might meet a beautiful end if they wish. the mothers madness might drive her to a beautiful end. she thinks i am not helping her fish, and she thinks i have forgotten her. ive discovered that its not easy making fish who love each other. there is a so much ocean to traverse. you know what the ocean is like. maybe you are even there now. are you now breathing air or water, or had you forgotten? see how easy it is to become lost? did the mother fish have a son? is there meaning in the search for him, or only when he is found? will i just pick and choose my letters until i am dead? here in the ocean i accidently made i have tried to stay honest, and maintain an honest ocean. the mother is the ocean, and she is searching for herself. is something like that considered an important detail? you might ask me will she find herself? and i might reply will you? it seems i couldnt control the flood and now were surrounded by these waves that are every question, every answer. when will i be you? when will the fish be found? the mother needs some hope if she is to continue her journey. another memory, maybe, compells her behind a blooming reef. but the memory of her son was not her son. she has so many memories, is one of them her son? has she even lost something, or is she wandering these lonely depths insane? are these words i wrote a shipwreck under which she looms? she knows she had a son, for she knows she has something missing, just as i do. maybe the mother will find her thing, and maybe i will too. the thing is temporary but the maybe is forever and gradually permeates so fully that it is no longer possible to perceive. you are the child of my dreams, if ever you live to read this shallow tidepool. if it has helped you i will be happy, or try. the mother should find her fish, i think. that would make me happy. i have not forgotten that once, long before memory, the mother and her son were one. you and i are one, if you even exist. the ocean is wide to search so at least the mother is keeping busy, but when she has explored it all where else can she look? what else can she try that she has not tried? perhaps she found the answer once and had not recognized it. maybe she will try everything again. or maybe i have lost my way and she has not. she understands her task; what do i know? i only made them. you saw how easy it was. should i never have made them? would they be happier unmade? maybe some fish are happier somewhere, than this lost mother. my sister said that and i like to think she is right: far away there are happy fish. i like to think that where they are the notion of hardship is laughable. some of these things that i am making happen to you are not even happening, that is why this is so hard to read, but such are the tribulations of being at the mercy of the tide. it helps me to be a mother fish searching for her fish because i am searching for something to search for. have i found it? curse you neptune for being so perilous! jk though because we are friends. i feel bad when i procrastinate, as if i am keeping the mother from her son. i hope she finds him. am i even able to help her? if i were to say 'poof, here is your son,' would she be happy? if i prolong her misery, perhaps i can prolong her joy. it's the fricton she craves, i think, for that is what i crave. would it be terrible if i got carried away by my own universe? would the fish find happiness if existence did not exist? i could be evil and take it all away if they would enjoy that nonexistence. i nearly typed their destruction just now, but deleted because the mother fish might have liked it less. would she be happy if i finish this story, or is she happier now with something to search for? when i began i did not know the depths to which my fish might suffer. i am sorry i am not working to find your fish. maybe she thinks i have found him already and i am hiding him from her. maybe she thinks i am unable, even, to complete the simple task of returning her beloved son. just because she went and lost him it is as if i have stolen him from her. her confusion is as wide as the ocean. ill trade should the mother find her son for a better riddle: should i care if she does? because i do, if only because by making those fish i doomed them to unhappiness. but does the mother care how to spell unhappiness? will extra letters help her understand my meaning? i think ill allow her son to be discovered somewhere foolish where she should sooner have thought to look, because if i were to withhold my mothers son from her she might hate me, i imagine, as i too might hate my author from the reverse position.
One night in Provincetown
@2013 Linda Barrett
On my niece Jessicas wedding
in the middle of July
The three of us werent invited
for the wedding rehearsal dinner
Instead of staying around the hotel,
That night
we went out on our own fun
just Alex, Kathy and I

We walked into Provincetown
searching for a place to eat
Looked at all the menus
and what entree to buy
discovered Pepes Wharf
sat on its deck
watched the Coast Guards fleet
ate boiled lobster and french fries
just the three of us
Alex, Kathy, and I

Our waiter, Derek, adored Alex
with his excellent restaurant manners
Two Lesbians admired his etiquette
A young straight couple made it complete
with their unified, approving sigh
Everyone on the deck admired us
Alex, Kathy, and I

On the Deck,
We linked our glasses in a toast
Alex with his Shirley Temple cocktail
Kathy with her white wine
Me with my diet Coca Cola
Smitten Derek played the host
told us of the pirates museum
the one that made Alex hum
we all thought it was fine
to see it with him
We left Pepes wharf
with our spirits high
toured the rest of Provincetown,
Alex, Kathy, and I


We walked upon cobblestone streets
still the same since
the 18th century
Ancient homes stood as witnesses
to the tall woman in
her Sonomasun dress
the red haired boy with the necktie
the middle aged woman
Clad in turquoise and white
and black high heeled sandals
'   wandering on a Friday night
wondering residents passed us by
as we walked on the pavement
we impressed them all
Alex, Kathy, and I

The evening grew dark
we walked wherever we went
Motorcycles roared on the street
Drag queens dressed to the nines
We went into the stores
Stared at by dogs and artists
Kathy led me to a boutique
called Toho
bought a bracelet for my wrist
something unique
Alex got a Bear Claw pie
We astounded the parade
with our differences
and the commotion they made
atAlex, Kathy, and I
We found out of the night
footprints of some African cat
from some bright yellow paint
followed their shiny way
down a side street
Kathy tried not to laugh
where it ended
A place called
the Kofu Kafe
Seretta the owner entertained us
with her South African thrills
displayed for Alex
Kalahari porcupine quills
We drank coffee
and South African sweets
let the time slowly fly
under the cafes sparkling ceiling
Just Alex, Kathy and I


At around ten
We three took off
Down the dark streets
To roam
I ledthe way
with my feeble flashlight
Shining upon uneven cobblestones
walked past hand holding men
try to get ourselves
to our temporary home
silently say good bye
to our new found friends
and return to our beds
Alex, Kathy, and I
don't understand me. this is not for you. It's for you.
my Gemini shin splints are pirates. hopeless Romans, romantically dismantling
the things you Undo. the things you You.
I Doctor in your Seuss canal.
with a frontal lobe, more Job
than a postage stamp -
in this Day and Age.
It's grey and rage -
with the tooth torn
out !
Out
through the probable snout
of the next mummified god-king
of our interlocking rot...
our chamber pots
spotting the oft begot good
of our evil
Mummenschanz
we are crepes' rue; yet we roulette best
in Typhoons
from murk
placid.
with 2.8 kids
and damp
matches.
we are
struck in a gale
of flaccid
dumb as a Belle of the Ball
that Squares
a Rube
with an Ism.... from Ix.
sometimes.
I sit next
to my sister
on the coach
to school.
She is talking
to her friends nearby.
I look out
the window.
The radio is on
playing pop music.
There is talk
around me
like a babble
of sounds.
Fields and trees
and hedgerows
pass by
cottages
and country lanes.
I wonder if
John is looking
over at me?
he was when I
first looked over
after getting
on the coach
and he smiled
and I smiled.
But I don't know
whether
to look again.
If he is looking
and I blush
and my sister sees him
she'll joke about me
blushing to her friends.
The sky is dull
it looks like rain.
I hope it doesn't
I want to see John
on the field if I can.
Shall I look over?
I want to
but what if he is?
I try not to blush
but can't help it.
The bus stops
to let other
school kids on
they clamber aboard
like pirates
onto our ship.
They sit
more talk
laughter
from the back.
I wish
I wasn't so shy.
I look over
John's looking at me
and smiles
I smile.
I feel myself blush
and look away
and stare
at the sky.
I.
I wish to be birthed
in reverse.
To recede in slow
motion
back into black
water,
to slide backwards
in a basket
towards the sea.
II.
To be blessed is to slip
without sense,
without sins,
away from this light,
this hum,
this holy hymn
so often sung, a song
that speaks of a new star,
bright born, that burns
with the pressure of sleep.
III.
I see shipwrecks.
Send me home.
Let my basket leak.
We All so touchy Feely..But we dont want to be held...All in everything...but we dont want to be found..So We hide in the tall grass..stalking out our prey...Please dont run to fast..Still i want You to stay...together well not really...Cuz I just want you for your soul...But Im so touchy feely...So your body is my goal...So pirate we should be mates...Im just looking for your booty...and If I walk you down my plank..I beg you dont be moody...Cuz you so touch feely...it only was a joke...hurt you no not really...Till you come stabbin at my thorat...then you will be held... accounted for your deeds..Quite down your loud...Cuz everythings a need...Cuz your so touchy feely...little things set you off...Hide it no not really...Cuz your mind to me is Lost...So can i bring it back..Is this really what you want...opposites attract...Touchy feely meet a Blunt....
now I'm a shipwreck in a sundress,
an aimless, shameless coquette
a first kiss, a second guess,
a weak and wobbly pirouette.
a heart as heavy as stone, hands wild as the ocean, can only hold onto things for so long before they are turned into driftwood, bewitching, bewildering, beguiling
his lips on my skin burn holes big enough to drown in. he tastes like peaches. like peaches and honey. like peaches and honey and sugar.
i fall for it - snort - what he calls fairy dust and let pills slide down my throat into the lagoon of my empty stomach. he shows me mermaids and pirates and red Indians, we dance around campfires, around burning buildings, around each others blazing hearts. he shows me danger and excitement and freedom.
we're not perfect but at least we're free
the heartbreak
like a shipwreck
slowly sinking
and without thinking
i pushed against the walls
that only helped it all
losing my life
.
&amp; he said
COME WITH ME
&amp; I said
WHERE ?
)(
&amp; he said
COME WITH ME
&amp; I said
WHY?
and he said
COME WITH ME
&amp; I said
HOW ?
//////
so they went off together
Thru the streets of far-off places
The pirate &amp; his lover
On their own
&lt;&gt;
&amp; now it's I who seek them
Thru the streets of far -off places
The pirate &amp; his lover
All alone
.
...you stand surely to shipwreck.
all hands on deck.
accordion three-four lilts amelie
hymn hummed
beneath frenetic waltz of fingers
Rain-bitten and dumb
pirouette recessional to the sea
and such enchanting cobbled waves
how truly quaint rosy tempest in the square
pour down the dirge to murky drain.
throw in the bottle, the maps, the ropes
pirouette recessional to the sea
lastly heave-ho
i throw in me.
They sea me without.
I carry a raven upon my shoulder,
A sundial on my back.
The hat I wear is made of ash;
Sunlight is what I lack.
I drag my feet behind me on sandy beaches.
The ball and chain my ankle bracelet bling.
If only is a wish, a fantasy; its incomplete.
I never made it big.
There is a line of memories behind me in the sand;
It shows the places I have seen.
It is my reason;
The reason I understand;
The reason I understand why you do not understand me.
It curves around, beyond the boulders
And on through rows of palm trees.
This dream I have, I have always carried;
It has always been with me.
I leave my burdens at the door,
But desire is a flame that still burns eternal.
It lights up my face, when I see her face,
But inside I remain forever nocturnal.
I walk in foreign footsteps,
No guide or friend in tow.
I cross the sea of peace, love and empathy forever,
Alone in my sinking boat.
I carry only what I need to make it to the end of the sea.
The cannon ball attached to my feet,
Is expanding more than I would like it to be.
It grows with each passing full moon,
The only time I can be seen.
I hide behind a smile sometimes,
Before it rows away from me.
I have a conversation, with a man who sells only ale;
His face is full of redness and joy!
My face is always pale.
I take a sip of this rotgut and begin to waste away from the inside.
I sometimes hear a hearty tune and sing!
While all the time,
Inside, I die
The noise is intoxicating;
The words they speak are so enchanting.
Sooner or later it becomes closing time
And I am left walking away from the dancing.
The maidens flutter their eyes,
I havent shaved in several weeks.
My life is worn away by the sun, my clothes torn asunder.
They flirt and kiss me on the cheek
But there is no more thunder.
They ask if I would like to join them,
On their midnight adventure.
I have no words, I promise to return,
But they never get a real answer.
They cannot readily see the hole in my soul;
Oh what a charmed life I live.
I try to laugh, so tip my hat
a pirates life for me.
(C)2017 Aa Harvey. All Rights Reserved.
It was a ritual scarfing
spiced-eggs at the subbase,
then heading up
to the mountaintop
to check on
the cumulous-situation.
From the banana house,
one can see for eternity
the tips of Tortola &amp; beyond
&amp; grow fond of such splendor.
The beauty of such moments
can sink deep &amp; stir hearts.
Even the stoutest of pirates
can cry behind the patch,
get snatched by this passion,
reveal his hidden treasure.
My blood-eyes always
seemed mesmerized,
pleasured
by the rum-filled hours
spent down on Back Street
before each maiden voyage.
The trips to Drake's Seat
to confer with the
dreadlocked-donkey man
were always my final stop.
For he had select bumblegum-ganja,
homegrown at market prices,
to change perspective
&amp; buccaneers ya know,
certainly need that fix.
Those warm Trade Winds
whipped through
the Inward Passage
while lobsters boiled
on the shore,
and there, raised up
high on the edge,
my stiletto kniving sapphires,
I understood
the true meaning of freedom,
riding supersonic
under golden suns,
in a world
so alone &amp; starving.
After time words blur, an absurd slurring cures worried attachments to them,
and when I catch that nonsense by letting it go suddenly the flow flourishes raining over my sustainable poetry planted long ago.
I bloom, the shrooms cue music encoded in the OM, a place called home for me, where stones can be bass drums thumping heartbeat rhythms.
Something slithers, something withers; the darkness as I spark this campfire light house announcing all pirate ships can dock around my mountain.
I shout shenanigans like zippy dippy do dah while yodeling love as the wind bends my words above as below like a yoga pose around the world.
All hands on deck while this sail
wraps around my neck.
I try to escape but the tide
washes me back.
The planks are worn and holes
riddle the rotting keel.
I made my craft from weakened wood
when it should have been made of steel,
the waves slowly seep in
whispering of a salt water meal.
The ropes that dangle from my withered mast
threaten to string me up
like a pirate put on blast.
No more "yo ho's"and "aye mateys"
the cabin's locked, with no handle or slot
for a key.
And the rudder is stuck, drifting me
in loops
Every port I land in cheats me,
I've been duped
of all my treasure,
armaments, and ship
If I can fix this vessel
It'll strike a coarse
for a watery grave
Sunken at the bottom, the sea
will never be the same.
I waited on the front porch,
My knuckles demanded entry,
The door swung open a
Little too fast, or
Not fast enough
His eyes carried a
Salacious appetite,
His lips moist from the
Slow curling of that
Relentless tongue
Before words could escape,
His arms, those steel arms,
With dancing tribals
Caressing his biceps,
They abducted my body
As he stampeded through the house,
Carried me to his satin sanctuary
He threw me down into
A pile of black and white clouds
Who eagerly invited me,
All in the next breath,
He turned me around, pushed
My face into silken sheets,
He had his way, a pirate
With newfound treasure
He yanked my ear
With Rigid teeth,
My neck, his personal towel
For the wicked words that bled
Out the gate of his mouth,
My scalp throbbed from
Malicious fingers glued
To my fragile, mahogany locks
My hands bound in
An unbreakable grip,
So much that I couldnt get
Rid of the sweat that rained
From his electrifying aura,
It only brought me closer
To seeing stars that I
Desperately craved
Moaning exhalations
Seized my vocal cords,
Tingling sensations
Stung my raw body
As chains of colors
Slashed through me
Sensing my release,
The barbaric pattern
That drove his body,
Turned into a boat
On a stilled lake
He spun me around,
Let my chin rest in his hand,
Our chests rebelled for
The abuse we forced
Our bodies into
I didnt care,
This man was a feral warrior,
Who shared blends
Of pain and pleasure,
A brutal humanitarian,
He didnt make me see
Stars, instead,
I saw the whole galaxy
As so it was as we put to sea.
The Dark pirate captain and me.
Aboard a ghost ship decorated with bones and skulls.
I listened to hear creaking and the circling gulls.
Twas a dark and dismal day, with a ghost green sky.
Her main mast atop the Skull and Crossbones did fly.
Holes in her jib and Poseidons pitch fork on her main.
Our dark and treacherous ship was the high seas bane.
A purple fog hung over her deck, coiling and twisting.
Up the masts and sails dark spirit existing.
Born out of the ancient timbers and the toil.
Born out of heartbreak and roil.
I was first mate on this ship of the dead.
One and thirty nine hands that bled.
On the ropes and the sails.
On the harpoons and whales tails.
I counted 14 cannons on the decks.
I found more on a midnight check.
She had seven eighteen pounders deck under.
She shuddered and rolled from the thunder.
Listing to port or starboard from a volley.
Recoiling on the oaken dollys
No cannon balls would touch her.
The purple fog protected those that were.
Aimed at her masts and broadside.
Swatting them into the deep I watched wide-eyed.
She deep sixed more ships than any other vessel.
Their captains hung from the stern trestle.
We came upon a man adrift in a whaling vessel.
The captain swung the ship around to nestle.
The small boats gunwales were shattered and torn.
Her occupant screaming wide eyed did warn.
Avast your voyage twas Mermaids I fear!
His face a ghostly pale and his eyes were queer.
The Captain brought him on board.
And he brought with him a fear that roared.
My Captain held him at the point of his sword.
The mans eyes became as fire and he roared.
Deafening, it was out of his empty mouth it howled.
And with it the very air was fouled.
And the purple fog recoiled from this man.
Round and round on the decks it ran.
We all backed away from this apparition.
A horror straight away from Mariners superstition.
And he collapsed on the deck.
His pulse I did check.
And he did not have one.
I listened for his heart beat and there was none.
Filaments of his former self arose.
And Hung over his dead body close.
Beware of White Cap Bay.
Tis where the Mermaids play.
Came a watery cold voice upon the night air.
And we all stood there and stared.
His tortured soul wailing into oblivion.
And he passed on by aspiration.
Of these tiny stars that surrounded him.
And his likeness became dim.
And then he was gone.
The purple fog again was redrawn.
There was no body from whence this came.
Upon the deck where he laid, a blue flame.
And no man could extinguish it.
The Captain touched it with his sword, it split.
And became two, and ran off the starboard side.
Its gone! the bosun cried.
We all stood there at the Captain we stared.
For the first time ever saw the Captain scared.
Whos afraid of some Mermaids Mates?
I like Mermaids more than pieces of eight.
Our Captain said in a falsetto voice.
He did nothing to make our hearts rejoice.
And so we sailed dead ahead into the night.
And the crew held their fear with all their might.
A red litten gibbous moon to steer by.
The wind through the tattered sails sighed.
There came into view a huge rocky bay.
Bathed in the ethereal moon light lay.
To the starboard stood a huge stone monolith.
Surrounded by a ring of small obelisks.
And in its top there stood a giant mirror.
At first I thought its purpose unclear.
The closer we sailed I finally understood.
Twas a warning beacon if you would.
Harken to its brilliance unto its warning.
Listen unto its mourning.
And green sea foam licked round its base.
And the wind howled in its face.
And there were queer holes and vanes upon its top.
The wind sounded through the holes an octave drop.
Which made a strange, deep reverberation?
And it shook the deck and masts with strange gyration.
We dropped anchor in a quiet nook.
The Captain said Lads let us look!
And several of the old salts were superstitious.
And mumblings of spells and things malicious.
Ran through the crew like a runaway current.
For reasons of truth and things that werent.
Then the Captain became enraged.
Said hed use his enchanted sword to engage.
Any man not worth his salt.
Hed be locked in the forecastle vault.
With the purple fog and the demons of the ship.
Forever in deaths grip.
So nary a man stayed aboard.
And we all crossed a small tidal ford.
And found ourselves again on dry land.
Our sea legs making it strange to stand.
We came to the monoliths huge door.
Adorned with strange hieroglyphs it bore.
Testament to some earlier time.
To some odd number prime.
I stepped into a gigantic hall that was lit with no light.
And I saw a most impossible sight.
A giant sapphire ball floating over a deep shaft.
It radiated beams of light from this strange craft.
It danced on the walls like a giant kaleidoscope.
The men were about to abandon all hope.
I saw a huge aperture above the ball.
That opened like an iris above the hall.
One of the men found an elevator of sorts.
And its doors had rows of oval ports.
And our Captain stepped inside.
And so the crew filed in wild-eyed.
We found ourselves walking out of a strange mist.
In a room atop the monolith.
A huge mirror affixed to system of lens of strange hue.
And I saw in polar equatorial it would slew.
And our Captain looked upon it with an uneasy eye.
Tis a light house Capm, came a wistful cry.
Not like anyone I seen.. says I.
The Captain touched one of its wheels, Aye,.. aye.
I saw upon the wall an imprint of a hand.
Surrounded by a solid gold band.
And it shown a deep blue.
Its color the same as the orbs hue.
And the bosons mate was about to touch the object.
Hold fast there mate! the captain checked.
We dunno what thatll do?
A blue halo around his hand flew.
And it pulled his palm unto the wall.
And he could not remove it at all.
There came from under us a rumbling vibration.
The aperture was opening in measured gyration.
Upon the mirrors there came a column of light.
From the orb below a blue-gold blinding sight.
And its countenance you could not behold.
Through the lens and off the mirror it rolled.
And it beamed out upon the sea.
And the men were afraid and began to plea.
And it swung around on its own.
Like some mechanical drone.
Nothing human touched its controls and levers.
For it moved upon its own endeavors.
One of the men was standing above the rest of us.
The beam swung into him and he became dust.
Neither force nor the Captain could stand the men fast.
They ran for the elevator save the Captain for last.
Once again we were in the great hall.
The huge orb was making a strange call.
Calling the Mermaids of White Cap Bay.
Upon the rolling surf they did play.
There were mermaids too numerous to count.
Their passage we could not possibly surmount.
They all began singing as one.
Their mesmerizing melody begun.
These sirens from leagues of the deep.
Soon had us all at the edge of sleep.
The Captains enchanted sword did resist.
Upon our lips it did kiss.
A sharp blue spark awoke us all.
From the lilting Mermaids call.
One of them beckoned to me.
I could not move and I could not flee.
And she came out of the sea.
And was floating in front of me.
Sea-green eyes and golden hair.
A long slender nose and skin so fair.
High cheekbones swept back did blend.
Into her hair unto the end.
And small gold stars within her eyes did move.
In a fathomless green sea did prove.
Their test upon my soul.
Doing their best to take a toll.
On this sailors lost heart.
She weaves her black art.
And her teeth a row of ivory scimitars.
That sparkled in the light of the stars.
She called me by name.
And the gold stars in her eyes danced in green flames.
Her breath smelled like sea breezes and myrrh.
And it reminded me of better times that were.
Then she touched my face her touch wet and cold.
She drew fire out of me and glowed gold.
Upon the night.
As I beheld this wondrous sight.
And her touch was no longer cold.
The spot she touched me turned to gold.
Then she kissed me and I could not think.
The flames in her eyes danced and winked.
And so I was lost to this siren of the deep.
Then her sea-green eyes began to weep.
Mermaid tears upon my cheeks.
Diamond liquid from her eyes did leak.
All down my face and into my mouth.
Salty and sweet, like some wine from the south.
And I began to see sub-mariner sights.
And I soon forgot my own foolish plight.
For I cannot stay here with thee.
For my life comes to me from within the sea.
Fear not for I can change thee if you see.
And she pulled me into the pounding green sea.
So down we went into this emerald abyss.
And I found myself in some strange bliss.
And I could breathe in the sea.
And I felt a oneness within me.
And she beamed at me with her ivory smile.
And pointed at my legs for a while.
As I looked at my legs I was startled to see.
A large broad fluke attached to me.
I could hear her voice inside my head.
We talk this way underwater instead.
And we swam down to a sunken Galleon.
Its deck littered with gold and a medallion.
She reached down and picked it from the deck.
Submerged in the sea this old Spanish wreck.
I brushed away the barnacles and brine.
Etched into its face within fine lines.
I saw on its face inscribed a name.
A name from long ago clouded in fame.
Ponce De Leon from the Queen of Spain.
Her lost explorer who succeeded no gain.
And I saw all my shipmates swimming towards me.
The Mermaids converted them was easy to see.
The Captain looked odd with a large fluke tail.
And octopus tentacles from his face did flail.
He was still wearing his stupid three cornered hat.
The silliest sight I concluded that.
And my Mermaid swam up to me and took my hand.
You do not belong here you belong on land.
So we swam up from the emerald deep.
When we broke surface she began to weep.
When you get old and turn to gray.
Come back to sea and we will play.
And with that she dove down and swam away.
And I think about this Mermaid to this very day.
And in my hand I still held the medallion.
Taken from the deck of the old Spanish Galleon.
A gift to me from my lady of the sea.
At night the wind brings me her singing plea.
Return my sailor return to me.
Return to your home under the sea.
Now Ive grown old and my hair turned gray.
And you doubt this tale from me you say?
And I swear its all true.
Ill swear by my tattoos.
Dave Proffitt 2/7/2012
.
You came to me like a star. Bold and bright and untouchable. And you gave me the night sky, like nothing I had ever known before. The crescent moon and the Milky Way, constellations innumerable, possibilities vast and limitless. You held my hand and showed me how to fly. My very own boy who would never grow up; you said to live would be an awfully big adventure, and I held your hand and never let you go.
For every fight we ever had, for every letter you ever wrote, we were summers children, laughing and drinking in the dark. And when every rain came down, we ran to that pink house and waited out the storm.
And now every time it rains, I still remember every word. I still dream of every kiss. I still get butterflies. You and me down by the water. Close your eyes and kiss me.
I still believe in fairies and pirates and Indian braves. I still wait at my window for you to come and fly me away. I cant erase the dreams we had, the words we said at dawn. For all the plans we laid, the promises we made and, in spite of everything, the price we had to pay.
And now every time it rains, every thunderstorm, every firework. Every shot of whiskey, every pool cue, every bar stool. Youre still here with me, the voice inside my head. So dont waste your time on me. I wont defeat these shadows.
I wish I could fly across the ocean, thousands of miles. Like a ghost, a shadow. Just to see that smile, just to tell you, I got Seattle on my horizon.
And now every time it rains, I still remember every word. I still dream of every kiss. I still get butterflies. You and me down by the water. Close your eyes and kiss me.
VII. TO DIONYSUS (59 lines)
(ll. 1-16) I will tell of Dionysus, the son of glorious Semele,
how he appeared on a jutting headland by the shore of the
fruitless sea, seeming like a stripling in the first flush of
manhood: his rich, dark hair was waving about him, and on his
strong shoulders he wore a purple robe.Presently there came
swiftly over the sparkling sea Tyrsenian (30) pirates on a well-
decked ship -- a miserable doom led them on.When they saw him
they made signs to one another and sprang out quickly, and
seizing him straightway, put him on board their ship exultingly;
for they thought him the son of heaven-nurtured kings.They
sought to bind him with rude bonds, but the bonds would not hold
him, and the withes fell far away from his hands and feet: and he
sat with a smile in his dark eyes.Then the helmsman understood
all and cried out at once to his fellows and said:
(ll. 17-24) 'Madmen!What god is this whom you have taken and
bind, strong that he is?Not even the well-built ship can carry
him.Surely this is either Zeus or Apollo who has the silver
bow, or Poseidon, for he looks not like mortal men but like the
gods who dwell on Olympus.Come, then, let us set him free upon
the dark shore at once: do not lay hands on him, lest he grow
angry and stir up dangerous winds and heavy squalls.'
(ll. 25-31) So said he: but the master chid him with taunting
words: 'Madman, mark the wind and help hoist sail on the ship:
catch all the sheets.As for this fellow we men will see to him:
I reckon he is bound for Egypt or for Cyprus or to the
Hyperboreans or further still.But in the end he will speak out
and tell us his friends and all his wealth and his brothers, now
that providence has thrown him in our way.'
(ll. 32-54) When he had said this, he had mast and sail hoisted
on the ship, and the wind filled the sail and the crew hauled
taut the sheets on either side.But soon strange things were
seen among them.First of all sweet, fragrant wine ran streaming
throughout all the black ship and a heavenly smell arose, so that
all the seamen were seized with amazement when they saw it.And
all at once a vine spread out both ways along the top of the sail
with many clusters hanging down from it, and a dark ivy-plant
twined about the mast, blossoming with flowers, and with rich
berries growing on it; and all the thole-pins were covered with
garlands.When the pirates saw all this, then at last they bade
the helmsman to put the ship to land.But the god changed into a
dreadful lion there on the ship, in the bows, and roared loudly:
amidships also he showed his wonders and created a shaggy bear
which stood up ravening, while on the forepeak was the lion
glaring fiercely with scowling brows.And so the sailors fled
into the stern and crowded bemused about the right-minded
helmsman, until suddenly the lion sprang upon the master and
seized him; and when the sailors saw it they leapt out overboard
one and all into the bright sea, escaping from a miserable fate,
and were changed into dolphins.But on the helmsman Dionysus had
mercy and held him back and made him altogether happy, saying to
him:
(ll. 55-57) 'Take courage, good...; you have found favour with my
heart.I am loud-crying Dionysus whom Cadmus' daughter Semele
bare of union with Zeus.'
(ll. 58-59) Hail, child of fair-faced Semele!He who forgets you
can in no wise order sweet song.
Why won't you leave my fucking brain?
I know that you're a piece of shit,
that you're not worth a minute of my time,
although really I know that that's not true
but that's what I keep telling myself,
in order to get out of bed in the morning.
I thought I was finally angry,
that I'd reached the long awaited
'Stage 2'
of the break up,
but here I am again,
sobbing in the street,
six beers in.
Do you still think of me?
Or if somebody mentioned me now
would you simply answer
"Molly who?"
Molly,
the girl that loved you.
Still loves you.
Molly,
the girl you fucked
last thing at night and first thing in the morning.
Molly,
the girl that didn't turn out to be
the girl you prayed she was.
Molly,
the girl that's been alone so long
that she stays that way,
even when somebody else is rammed deep inside her.
You're with me more now
than when we were together.
How is it fair
that you get to snap your fingers,
say "that's that"
and be okay;
what happened to
"I'll never finish this"?
You lied.
Do you understand that?
You're a fucking liar.
You took me by the hand,
called me all the things I'd always dreamt of hearing
and pulled me down,
deep down,
to a place I didn't know I was capable of inhabiting.
I resisted at first,
the place you put me in strange and all too familiar,
and I wanted to keep one arm out of the water.
But you wouldn't stop asking,
wouldn't let go of my hand,
a merperson,
floating hypnotic in the water,
bewitching the love sick sailor with her head over the side of the boat,
cursing the moon.
And so I fell right in,
felt the foam crash right over my face,
the waves swell in my lungs,
the salt in my mouth
and the sting in my eyes like nettles,
and I laughed until I choked
and begged for more.
But that's when you swam away
and I was lost and lifeless inside the rib cage of a shipwreck,
right at the bottom of the sea bed,
amongst the whale bones,
and I suddenly remembered that I couldn't breathe.
I was stupid;
you were stupid.
I was clueless;
you were cruel.
There's shells in my hands
whenever I cough
and sand in my bed.
You used your tongue to open me up,
a clam,
and I swallowed down the ocean.
Fish flap on the shore
and search for sea,
puddles of air,
the kiss of life.
I wait for the rain
to turn into a river.
my emotions like a boat
gently they float
yet i sink
across the sea
mysterious as is, but free
sharp rocks yet a delicate float
along they go
slipping away from
m e
my emotions like a
shipwreck
harshly they rock
through thick and thin
i never win
please come back
i need a soul to my monotone voice
but i never seem to make the right choice
why cant i just express
i land on a deserted island
and die of thirst
for my emotions
s
o
s
When we last chatted from this "small village"<em>CLINGING"</em> to the side of this steep hill,,,I SPOKE OFFlashing -pulsatingMarkings on the side of 5' by 5' containers. LIKE Piratestreasure chests ,Years in the searching. Each WITH A "SINGLE-EMBLAZENED" letter and a"W A R N I N G "in SMALL=CAPSjust below, that simply said <strong><em>" OPEN AND SHARE ".Yes,it too like the other contained MILLIONS OF FOLDEDparchment squares... EACH..YES EACH,,"ONLY" WITH THE LETTER" C ". SO,,,I SHARE....! ! !(#1)= CLEMENTINE-MAP="Detailed directions for those people whoREALLY want to get away from it all!!!(#2)= CHINCHBUG-PAINTER=The person with ability to bring out the FULL color of YOU CHEEKS ,as theyREMOVE the TINIEST of your faults and others see ONLY YOUR Beauty.! !(#3)= CANOPY-CLUSTERER=The Person who makes a complete shambles of that which you had JUST PUT into order *UNDER the Heading of "Good-Intentions".! ! (#4)=CAUTION-BLURTER=The Person who is afraid to try anything, If they CAN'T SAY they have ALREADY DONE=IT.How DARE YOUthink YOU might do itor have it**FIRST! !(#5)= CRUSH-OINTMENT=Little Droplets Placed on AREASand FEELINGS that are Stepped on by the INTRUSION OF Others who " WHO WANT YOU * F L A T *.... ***** INSTRUCTIONS ALSO SAY =MEMORIZE EACH,,THEN WE MOVE ON !"W O W" A WHOLE CASE Of" C's "</em></strong>
This goes way beyond needs or wanting,
wanton
disregard for Marley's testy haunting.
Self-awareness is always daunting.
Corporations are easy to blame,
amassing
billions year after year shame, shame,
fact is they pay their taxes,
well some do, some don't
what about you?
Greed is an expression of Want
overNeed,
and want and want
reckless capacity to absorb any
and all of anything at all.
It has to be precious to some one,
it maybe hobbling,
as you go gobbling,
or storing,
spending and buying
or banking on some foreign
shore.
It is the type of activity that spiritually goes
beyond being human and way beyond the humane,
your need for want is filled with disdain,
and objects of your desires,
or alcohol fueled parties,
Arrrr me hearties,
pirate it all away,
keep it all in the lowest hold so
it doesn't have a hold over me.
Come close, what treasure do you seek?
I have it all, well not yet <em>said with tongue in cheek</em>,
I will have <strong>ALL</strong> in the middle of next week!
DWE092013
Its almost
a year
or so
to
the
day
when you told me
You
fell out
of our love
for no other
reason than
<em>It just happened.</em>
You
told me
you no longer cared,
you
told me
you didnt want to know
another thing about me,
and what was left of us
was a shipwreck
of
a
bittersweet
memory.
Its been almost
a year
or so
too,
from when I
told myself
that I am still
meant
for
you
for no other reason than
<em>I just do.</em>
I thought
I no longer cared,
I thought
I didnt want you
and everything about you.
What was left of me
walked away
with
You.
But
We
lost
contact,
and I think you
met someone else.
I have no idea
who he is or
where he takes you or
how much
he cares about you.
I just hope what he has
is more;
more than what
I could have given you,
more than what
I could have sacrificed for you,
More than
Just more than I do.
But I Lied,
cause everything
still reminds me
of you.
You are gone with the wind
but the wind
still pushes me
towards you.
And
I hope
That
He
doesnt
exist
like the space
between
me and you.
I
met someone else, too.
She isnt
anything like you,
but the way she cares
is
also
true.
I hope youre happy,
Cause right now,
thats also what
im
trying
to be.
<em>Even if it isnt you,
even if it isnt me,
even if it isnt you with me.</em>
And if
One day
You wake up
and realize that
it is still I
that you wish for;
who holds you at night,
and gives life to the waking dream
Tell me
because
feelings
like this can kill
you.
Like what you did
to me
when you asked me
<em>Who are you?</em>
And I swear,
my love broke
into fragments
when I asked you,
<em>Who are you?</em>
But what was I to do?
<em>But what was I to do?</em>
Hey, Look! A Pirate ship!
Oh,Shit! Oh, Shit!
A Pirate ship!
Look over there! A new Pirate ship!
Oh, Shit! Oh, Shit!
A new Pirate ship!
Look every where! At all of the ships!
Oh, Shit! Oh, Shit!
All the Pirate ships!
What do we do?! With all the Pirate ships!
Oh, Shit! Oh, Shit!
All the Pirate ships!
Share the Herb! Through Blunts and Splifs!
The Herb! The Herb!
Rolled in Blunts and Splifs!
And after we feast! On cheese covered treats!
We feast! We feast!
On cheese covered treats!
And after we sleep! On soft cotton sheets!
We sleep! We sleep!
On soft cotton sheets!
And when we awake! Again we will bake!
We'll bake! We'll Bake!
Again we will bake!
After they've thanked us! And returned in peace!
In Peace! In Peace!
They returned in Peace!
Sharing the wealth! With bags full of seeds!
With seeds! With seeds!
With bags full of seeds!
We've started a new friendship! With everyone in need!
Indeed! Indeed!
The whole worlds need!
We've calmed the mainland! And tamed all of the seas!
The seas! The seas!
We tamed all the seas!
Uniting the world of all Races and Creeds!
Banded together!
With one heart beat!
Our World is cleaner and we're Poverty free!!!
And to think it all started, with just one hit of Weed!!!
One hit of Weed! One hit of Weed!
One hit of Weed! One hit of Weed!!!
atheana is working on removing my teeth
you see i went to the dentist this morning
and there was a problem, i was having a stabbing pain
right in my gum and the dentist enlisted athenas help
in the healing of the infection, he gave me cephalexin
to be taken every 12 hours, till finished and i have been
advised to see a doctor if i feel giddy, they took an x-ray on my teeth
and i need another denture, as the teeth have to be pulled out
when i say athena helps, not in the magical way, no i mean
athena gives dentists and doctors help in healing, and will put
the patient under sedation, so the work can be done, athena will help you
whether you believe it or not, my consulton for the dental work is next tuesday
at 3.30pm, and i enlisted dads help in the cosmos to make sure i will help mum
with the payment, like paying $40 a fortnight, so she isnt out of pocket, because
i dont really want to blame dads death on not having help with my dental work done
i hope i get these teeth out as soon as i can, the right way, with athenas help
its interesting to know if the NDIS, could give funding for dental treatment among other things
the coke i have been drinking, has been cosmically putting the gas into my mouth, and gets rid
of evilfrom my brain, and this infection is apart of the evil, which was in my brain, you see when
i used to smile, i looked like i was giving the evil YEAH, like a few of my school friends
and that is when i was blackbeard the pirate, and i have to have the evil out of me from those days
i will need more dentures, i will help pay for it, with the help of the cosmos,
ATHENA, HELP ME
Though loth to grieve
The evil time's sole patriot,
I cannot leave
My buried thought
For the priest's cant,
Or statesman's rant.
If I refuse
My study for their politique,
Which at the best is trick,
The angry muse
Puts confusion in my brain.
But who is he that prates
Of the culture of mankind,
Of better arts and life?
Go, blind worm, go,
Behold the famous States
Harrying Mexico
With rifle and with knife.
Or who, with accent bolder,
Dare praise the freedom-loving mountaineer,
I found by thee, O rushing Contoocook!
And in thy valleys, Agiochook!
The jackals of the negro-holder.
The God who made New Hampshire
Taunted the lofty land
With little men.
Small bat and wren
House in the oak.
If earth fire cleave
The upheaved land, and bury the folk,
The southern crocodile would grieve.
Virtue palters, right is hence,
Freedom praised but hid;
Funeral eloquence
Rattles the coffin-lid.
What boots thy zeal,
O glowing friend,
That would indignant rend
The northland from the south?
Wherefore? To what good end?
Boston Bay and Bunker Hill
Would serve things still:
Things are of the snake.
The horseman serves the horse,
The neat-herd serves the neat,
The merchant serves the purse,
The eater serves his meat;
'Tis the day of the chattel,
Web to weave, and corn to grind,
Things are in the saddle,
And ride mankind.
There are two laws discrete
Not reconciled,
Law for man, and law for thing;
The last builds town and fleet,
But it runs wild,
And doth the man unking.
'Tis fit the forest fall,
The steep be graded,
The mountain tunnelled,
The land shaded,
The orchard planted,
The globe tilled,
The prairie planted,
The steamer built.
Live for friendship, live for love,
For truth's and harmony's behoof;
The state may follow how it can,
As Olympus follows Jove.
Yet do not I implore
The wrinkled shopman to my sounding woods,
Nor bid the unwilling senator
Ask votes of thrushes in the solitudes.
Every one to his chosen work.
Foolish hands may mix and mar,
Wise and sure the issues are.
Round they roll, till dark is light,
Sex to sex, and even to odd;
The over-God,
Who marries Right to Might,
Who peoples, unpeoples,
He who exterminates
Races by stronger races,
Black by white faces,
Knows to bring honey
Out of the lion,
Grafts gentlest scion
On Pirate and Turk.
The Cossack eats Poland,
Like stolen fruit;
Her last noble is ruined,
Her last poet mute;
Straight into double band
The victors divide,
Half for freedom strike and stand,
The astonished muse finds thousands at her side.
When you are tired but can't quite sleep
Don't be silly and try to count sheep
You need proper thoughts for dreams
I'll show you what I mean
The waves wash in an out
But the pirate is keen and stout
He'll steer his ship to distant lands
Searching for treasure in faraway sand
The maiden's hair blows to and fro
While she wishes and hopes from her window
For someone to save her from a dragon so cruel
Surely some brave knight is up for a duel?
The fairies are bobbing up and down
Looking for someone to wear their crown
They want someone nice and lots of fun too
They say they are hoping that leader is you
Think up a really neat thought
And give up the fight with sleep you've fought
Dreams are supposed to be fun, you know
So close your eyes and enjoy the show
ass-pirate, brotherfucker, bampot, cumtart,
clitface, cockburger, cocksmith, dick-sneeze,
dickweasel, douchewaffle, None for E if you find any interesting ones contact me at LemonParty.com, feltch, flamer,
fuckboy, fudgepacker, gayfuckist, heeb,
None for I if you find any interesting ones contact me at LemonParty.com
I fold inward by the window all morning,
curled over the conch
I hold pressed to my chest like a child.
It is mine in the dark--
This Pale Sea. It whispers to me.
It says: a shell, a shell, a shell....
Then the shipwreck--
The Mist.
Oars rattle like bones.
Pink smooth ghost,
I am in love.
But our ship has sunk.
I am already a slug,
a salt, a crustacean.

K.D. Mann
and its my worst nightmare
theres no humanity in your eyes
no warmth in your flesh
have i begged for this?
i chose wrong
taking for granted the ways this game might change
a twist of rules
a banishment of choices
a destruction of agreements
what were all the decisions i made for?
do i lack any will at all?
are my choices not even my own?
i fail to grasp a single shard of life in the collapsing reality
i am unable to obtain a sliver of self, of power, of will
as it bursts around me
im on my knees
barely breathing
i must be dreaming
visions flash before my eyes
hot red beams bore into my skin from above
all there is is destruction
all there is is death
touch me or dont, i said
there are no hands to hold me now
no vessel to capture me
no defenses
and no hope
without hopes, without shared understanding and a direction
this is what becomes of heroes
this is what becomes of harlots
pirates and prostitutes in my memory
curse me, mock me
i feel nothing of it
i am not floating, i am not sailing
the stars are out of reach, i am beneath all matter
there is an unforgiving blackness all around
giving way to more vicious palettes;
a dark whispering grey
echoing tones of a dying sunset
and blood stains from centuries ago
in my mind i am running
i am escaping
towards the light
but all i feel is gravel beneath me
rough and real
slate, threatening
the devil is a painter
the canvas is smeared and ripped, dripping red and grey and black
beneath me it is red and grey
it is hopelessness
half is a haunting color that brings images of that menacing light
the evil tearing me limb from limb
bloodshed
another tone symbolizes an uncertain frame of time
not a forever
no time at all, perhaps
it is pain, it is ashes
the whispers of the fallen fill my lungs and i am on the verge ofsinking
down through the gravel
i endure the red beams and raise my gaze
hoping for some break in the darkness
a single speck of starlight, a gasp of warmth
but in your eyes i can only see
the world at its end, flames and the desperate wilting of all that is good
speechless and breathless and hopeless
more than wounded
i am finished, the die is cast
but it is not over
I sail under a black flag.
I fight under a black flag.
We fear no judgment.
We know we are damn.
Nothing in this life or next.
scares us.
We have nothing to lose.
The whimsical shipwreck at the bottom
of the aquarium
Toiling among the plastic starfish in
delirium
A snotty game of five card stud with
y'r maker , a stray bit of pepper trapped in
the salt shaker
A clingy acquaintance , a touchy boss , young girls
in risqu clothing wearing lip gloss
O my how the time disappears
We measure the past with decades instead of years
Amble around with aching feet as the hurried fly
by on busy streets
Window shop the same old bazaars
Tucked away come evening in our
little jars* ...
The daughter of a sea nymph,
with shipwrecks in her eyes,
sea monsters flood the depths of her heart.
The abundance of black and dark blue in the sky parted for only one second.
Only enough to see for the last time before she submerged into the depths of the barren water,
and with hurricanes in her eyes.
She witnessed the day everything ceased to exist.
In that moment everything was calm.
Pure serenity washes over the land as the storm clouds receded,
and for the first time the isle was covered in a symphony of silence.
No, I was torn naked and bleeding from the mouth of a death star
and woke to find mountains laid bare by the sea.
In the shallows of blood baths and craters, where the crushers of garlic and the harlots all meet
and the stiflers of dreams, dream on (right up my street)
that's where you'll find me.
In the 'Benbow' with pirates and pieces of eight and with cords tied to timepieces
(don't want to be late)
and the show starts at nine
when after drinking two bottles of cheap German wine
Salome appears with a head in her lap
we clap
because that's what we do.
(Lost innocents are few and we ain't none of all that)
But the ship sailed at four carrying whalebones to Spain
to tighten the corsets
for those Senoritas
who put me to such shame.
What's in a name that it's spat on the floor
by crimson clad virgins
who won't leave the doorways of bodegas
and Degas paints on.
A shanty
a song and the night carries me along on a wave of cheap scent
where oft' I have spent a weeks earnings on unsatisfied
yearnings.
In the end someone will send me a typewritten note or a telegram
to let me know just who and what I am
until then
in the 'Benbow' 'til ten and the crows crow at midnight when the lights all go out.
I wonder how long ago
were the days of lonely men
waiting for the sun to sink
so they could turn on their
little beacons of hope
their godly, guiding light.
When did they start sealing
off the towers?
Perhaps the man in the
lighthouse made a mistake
maybe he too lonely one night
and decided to drink
enough whiskey to forget
about is loneliness and
his little beacon of hope.
So they replaced him
with a machine.
They don't get lonely.
In the end what a dream
and when it ends
and we dream
we dreamily seek to see to the end
all that has yet begun
til then
then again
I will send
for it to all end again
And to the end,
I welcome again
another tear,
parted from hearts departed
wondering where souls lay
frosting
quiet
cold
chalaced in warmth of old
tales spoken with delight
by a quiet winter's fire
singing bountiful delights
as pirates dance
it's majesty ascending
sweetly seeing to the end
the bitterness within and
then again
Understand it
and say it when
it's to be spoken to those that then
chose to speak again
and with it's end
I must seek to say when
I said again
I meant it
to be and the end
was not to send me
flying freely
when I must wonder
tears falter,
failing,
floundering
watching wearily
talking,
wringing
painfully tearing
hearts apart
with time
and a start
it will be mine
this part
to the end
all ends depart
and with that an end again
and to begin
and to send
it will be then again
that I will understand that it's the bitter end
to whence for when I sang
I said it loudly
proudly
and began to sing again
when will I send
it's true
it was meant for you
to see what was to be
and to be free of me
and to be free to see
what it was to be
and to say again
that you are my only friend
Fear not dear end
I will say it then
I will begin to see
I will begin and see
and you will see me
in tweens and hearts
and with me
will there always be
all that's been longing
and with it's hart
I seek
and I wonder
and I wander there
home again
to be me
free to be
free
seen
departed
meant to me
to be
all that I'd ever leave
again I cry
I wondered why this time
and in the end
I begin to see
it's fluent
it's divine
it's meant to be spoken
said and wondered
and through me once one day I
will sound it loudly
and say with care and take them
there again
for it was never a heart's tale to dream
sweetly,
swinging with the winds wafting toward
certain despair
sparing no man,
no understanding
no way
understand and then believe
I'm meant to be free
Free of you
and to be
what I meant to be
what I said to me
to the worlds I've said to be
and all that I've meant to me
Feel strongly
sing and dance
it's great the quiet within hearts all crying
I will depart
and will sing with sweet songs
Dear heart
please sing with me
I will never fear
I will never understand
all that was to bear
and to be
and that was seen
even through me
May it be again
those words singing sweetly
there
Another end.
Thats a sad story sighed the man
Sitting some stairs down the ghat
Made his life miserable the woman
She fully broke the zamindars heart.
He loved her more than his life
She knew not love was what thing
Cursed the day he took her as his wife
Gave her a precious diamond ring.
He bought her each wish from her lip
She knew she would only have to tell
For her the mans love was so deep
He could sell him to bring her all jewels.
For each night she made her bargain
Trapped him her greeds deadly deal
Blind love drove the man such insane
He became a puppet of her will.
The coming storm he couldnt foresee
Enamored in love and its waste
Good money was sunk freely
With no reaping of scantest harvest.
His trade started suffering huge loss
Investments sunk in shipwreck
Along came to make the matter worse
Debts tightened noose on his neck.
Soon she left with a man she had known
Taking with her the ornaments
She had never thought him as her man
Little did she care his torments.
Still echoes said the man his cry
From here he went to the river
In evenings as this his sigh
Can be heard rending the air.
I asked him how all these he knew
Saw no man but I was alone
Shivering in winters cool dew
As moonlight on waves quietly shone.
his love of mac n' cheese
often outweighs the capacity
of his seven year old stomach
but valiantly he labours
so his loveis not lost
his belly becomes drumlike
and his visage narcoleptic
as he falls into slumber
one hand clutching the fork
the other curled protectively
around the bowl, with still
at least a third of his booty
gleaming in a viscous mountain
of golden sunshine goodness...
cooling rapidly to a solid mass
but still when we try to remove
his now completely sombulant body
he clutches his golden booty
to his chest. like a pirate
inthe story's he has been told
unfotunately the result of
this myclonic clutch
is a gluggy macaroni mess
down his front and in his crutch
so now, we have no mac'n cheese
a grumpy pirate too sleepy/ cranky to please,
a running bath and washer too
and the devon rex cat,no longer the blue
but the tuxedo black scoffing down cheesey glue,
from the floor ...
whilst the irritable pirate is crying (read bellowing)
for more
god give me strentgh.... tojust endure
Deep down below
Beneath the saline waves
There the Ghost Liners lay in rest
Submerged within their rust
The remnants of a forgotten age
Spirit ships adorn the history page
Now claimed by that treacherous flood
The Liners lay intertwined with the mud
The souls they carried were ferried long ago
The shell of the ship remains
Ripped asunder and buried deep
Somewhere off the abyssal plains
Betrayed by the very path they tread
No trace left of their honoured dead
Save for "treasures" scattered across the depths
A divers trophy from the past
(
(
(
\/
/\
/\
###
Come with me
NO !
//
And they went off together
the Pirate and his Lover
They went off together all alone
And now it'sI who seek them
In the streets of far off places
The Pirate and his Lover
On my own


Gentle lost soul
The moment you admit to yourself that
You are lost
You are surely found
//
He dropped out of med school and discovered healing
He dropped out of law school and discovered justice
He dropped out of high school and discovered himself
//
A human being is a lonely creature
But you may meet other humans once in a while
The chicken little sky
The frozen country bleeding in shame
/////
I loved a girl once and she loved me
Will it end like it never really started?
Tell me who you really are and the world will change
/////
The sun in the sky girl
The son of the neighborhood
The true decision comes so easily
Let's go home
All we gotta do is find the Pirate
All we gotta do is find his Lover
I know they are not so very far from here
Today, the ocean is calm.
No waves, no storms.
To shipwreck my heart
Natural
My soul went for a
Long walk
Highway accident
A tribute the infrastructure
development
Air crash
An error in imitating the
Bird
Hospital
An costly affair hiring a
team to kill you
Shipwreck
A failed competition
with fish
Earthquake
An different crush
this time no girlfriend
Floods
Understood,
Can't drink so much of water
Fall
Experienced
the time move slowly before crash
Fire
An enlightenment of
We all from ashes
Electric shock
a celebration with dance
before...
I am a pirate with a wooden leg
I walk across the sandy beach and say
"Oh,where be the rum today, me rum?"
I climb onto the barrel on the abandoned beach.
The view I see overlooks the sea,
And what I see is quite a marvel to me.
My ship and crew are playing with the beasts
They swim and teem around, faster every second.
I wonder to my own pirate booty,
" How long have I been standing here?"
"Why have I been gawking at the sea?"
" Where was this pirate booty to be?"
Next I stayed silent and wondered one last thing
"How am I still awake in this dream?"
And laughed such a fool hearty laugh
My dream was quite a reality!
Things just weren't the same.
The flowers once flowing with color like a fire work pressured before bursting,
Did not
bloom as bright.
and the birds,
The birds with pleasant cries of the lost warriors who had finally found their home,
were hushed
under
dark grey skies,
Weighing heavy on the ground
Like your mind weighed heavy on you.
The island held a ghostly hue.
Home is where the heart is, but the heart is empty like the skeleton of where we lived.
It was not ours anymore.
This was where we never grew up.
This is where everyday was another adventure.
This is where we fought pirates, and swam with mermaids.
We looted the seas, and took over the caves.
This place was ours.
We'd soar through the skies, and sleep on clouds.
This place was ours.
"Wendy?"
"Wendy!" they called.
The lost boys, they've grown up. The magic is gone.
It seeped through their skin, uprooted like a rag weed through cracked cement.
I clasped a hand around the string around my neck.
Until My shaken ghostly fingers held the old oxidized necklace that held my thimble.
Never land hasn't been the same since Peter had gone
Who fancies coming to a party
as a pirate?
Please?!!!!!
An illustrious rose she arose from fields dystopian.
Concrete tapestries a gallery of desecrated art.
She bless a soured dream,
willing colour on a scene
tainted monochrome.
She's the contrast in the weavings of fine art,
nexus that binds together delicate prose;
sole reason words morph effortless.
Energy tantamount to a thousand suns
and a gleam just as potent.
Thievery at play, usurped my heart;
embezzled like colonial gold,
hauled from the shipwreck of me.
&shy;
and he said :
COME WITH ME
and I said :
WHY (?)
/\
/ \
and they went off Together
( the Pirate and his Lover )
they went of together .......all alone
//
And now it's I who seek them
In the streets of far - off places
( the Pirate and his Lover )
On My Own
::::
( we all just write one poem )
"""""
and I walked proud amongst them
And they parted before we
Like the waters of the Red Sea
|||||||||||||
she my love is all the rage
She my love sees everything
She my love knows everyone
She my love --- loves
//
( I think the radiation from Fukushima is
Actually starting to kill me --
Can't really tell
But
There IS a massive toxicity in the environment
That can't simply be attributed to Hello Poetry

millions of years of true history
And evolution
And human development have been
Lost or destroyed
YET
STILL
they can come up with a Movie like
Jurassic Park !
( I smell a Rat ! )
/ / / /
We REALLY weren't all born in a barn yesterday
Or found floating on a lily pad in some polluted river
In New Jersey !
//
HERE WE ARE !
GO TO WORK !
YOUR CUNT TREE IS CALLING !
// //
( the CUNT TREE part IS actually referring to
Hello Poetry )
))((
))((
then I saw in the Sky an Opening
And dared to try burst free
YEP
ITS ALL JUST ONE POEM
I'm a man of the sea and I have to,
I have to be free.
I'm a sun of a gun with a bottle,
a bottle of rum.
I'm a man on a mission and the mission,
the mission is me.
I man on an edge and on this edge,
I'll end up dead.
Do you know there are blue skies baby?
Do you know that storm clouds save me?
There's a burning horizon and it's calling,
it's calling my name.
There's this burning ambition for gold,
to save me from shame.
Gimmie a thick slut
With a big butt
So I can nut
Before the deep cut
A pound of draw
Word I saw
Kick her out the door
Ain't seein' her no more
Drop that cold hard lyric
Fuck I give,call me a synic
I'm in it to win it
So gimmie a minute
Its not an apathetic mind state
I'm irate
Outlaw,land pirate
I'll drink a fucking crate
While I mastabate
During a mass debate
Over the fate
Of mans tied up,but wait...
Check the chick tied to the bed
She give good head
But when I said
I'd rather be dead
Her jaw dropped all irrational
She needs to liven up,I'm a cannibal
I'm a fan of all
Each creature with a mandible
Strip flesh clean down to the bone
I'll leave your family alone
Cos they clean out my zone
I won't atone
For the thing I do next
Mandem is vext
When I don't get back text
left feeling perplexed
You're the sea
An entire ocean of tragedies
Floating about under the gray
Violent waves of turmoil
A tsunami about to strike
An endless depth of darkness
With your soul swimming in the blue
Trying to search for the shore
But the tides are getting higher
until you sink below
like those pirate ships from the old
Never to be found again
As the sky above you clash together
In an angry collision
Of bottled emotions in an overflow
Creating a beautiful hurricane
With you dancing with it in a waltz
While the heavy tears of the sky
Becomes one with your own
And there you were in the middle of the sea
Melting into the ocean
Not a bubble of breath resurface
As your body goes cold
along with the pelting storm
And your eyes stare to the sky
Forever frozen in time
As you sink further down
Like the pirate ship from the old.
If language is a dead space ship between us
if its a sleeping chicken
instead of a casserole,
if it's cold tea,
a fake hug,
if it gets lost in the corners of the ceilings
and never reaches her heart
if it can't ever remove the training wheels
if it only knows dog days
if it will always be a contender
than we must start fires in the stars, with whatever we can
and stop pretending we give a shit about accuracy
or communication or being understood
I don't want you to understand me! Who gives figs for stuff like that any more?
I want you to set stars on fire in my name.
I want you to carve the lines of my body into the bowline of a pirate ship
I want you to not be able to leave the room
tear the bread in half,
don't return the library books
don't ask what I think
and don't stop asking
me to dance anyway. Even if it's an old
fashioned dilly. Even if I didn't
wear your mother's
dress, or ever can anything, even the
beautiful tomatoes that covered the red
clay. Ask me.
No matter what I say.
You're my secret.
My secret keeper,
my safe, my lock-box.
my trunk in the attic.
my shipwreck on the sea floor.
my sails in the wind.
my shade tree in the spring.
my warm fire, my cleansing river.
You are love incarnate.
Love-An intense feeling of deep affection.*
Secrets exchanged between the glances we share. Brown. The color i long to see looking back at me when my day can't seem to go right. The color i long to dive into, to feel all around me. Dear Ms. Brown eyes, you have me enthralled, longing for you to merely say hello. Brown, the color that feels like warmth and the safety in what we call home. Like a pirate i will adventure into the abyss of this thing we call love.
<em>Vulnerable-susceptible to physical or emotional attack or harm.</em>
I stood there as naked as could be but yet fully clothed and i begged you to love me, to love me in the now. To love me forever and you whispered like the sound of snowflakeswhen falling that you would be there for as long as your heart would let you. You said <em>"being this close is not what i do i cannot promise of forever"</em>
Dear Ms.Brown eyes, i'm slowly melting like the last snowman in the transition from winter to summer i'm yours to hold. Summer....Will that be our deadline? Brown, the color of love. The color i have learned is my new favorite color and its all because you smiled at me and your eyes did all the talking as if we were on the dancefloor letting nothing but our bodies do the conversating. Dear Ms.Brown eyes, is it safe to say this will be our happily ever after?
ever so hopeful
upon a dying whim
once so full of charm
now dwindling on your newest affliction
a passing phase of yours
to reply so kindly in my favour
but as a new opportunity arises
to abandon me so quickly
each board of my ship stripped of pride
and given no honourable decline
bowed before thunderous waves
as you sail upon a new ship
with gleaming sails
toward a new horizon
as i prepare to sink
into the abyss of knowing you
The Monster inside
What's inside eye can not hide
It rears its ugly head to protect me from the dreaded world that eats me whole chew me up and leave u broken and fallen apart
KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
They would hold theirhands up
High in search of golden nuggets,
Their dummies held up to the sky.
The map showing them where X did
Mark a spot, they crawled on their
Merry way, through sand they did
Crawl, slowly never would they stop.
They didn't want it in a skull nappy,
X marked the brown pongy spot. A
Bottom full of sand would slow a
Pirate baby down, making them
Uncomfortablecrying as their treasure
Unreached they would have had to stop.
They crawled under fallen trees, through
Shrub and looked up, and saw the branches
Reaching for the sky. They were nearly
There they had crawled for 20 feet and
Stopped twice for nap times, as it was
Far away in baby steps not like big foot.
They had reached there goal with dummies
In hand, many dangers faced but together
As a crew they got to the treasured land.
X was their goal and it did mark a spot,
Where the golden nuggets shined in that
Spot. Where the rusks had that golden tint,
And that yummy taste as they went down
With a bottle Of hot milk in hand that really
Hit that nap time spot.
Dummies held up high they had reached that
Promised land, where treasure was eaten an
Then nap time was coming close to hand, gogo
And goodnight.
The dock weeps the song of the chilled waters;
Staining the air with stale salt and wetwood with every croak.
Street lights peer ominously
through brume that sits on the Earth.
My heart is a fist.
Mesmerized
Were the Captain went down with his ship.
-
<em>and baba moonschtrung also said the same, kenwah?</em>
only once you visit
the eastern coast of kenya
do you realise...
oh right...
they sent all the loud-mouth
west africans to america...
no wonder...
and you might rightly ask:
wonder?
oh hell, loved the kenyans...
had a cognac and a coffee,
talked
about timber imports
from ghana...
fell asleep in the open air
and had no somali pirate
bother me...
punctured my hand on
a coral crown while diving into
the indian ocean,
had a kenyan doctor stitch me
up...
you know what
east africans call west africans,
esp. those born
in america?
niggers...
even the africans can tell
an african from a nigger,
that's how bad the epidemic has
become:
ye, woah, ye, hide-e hide-e ho-ho...
ye-yo... limo cracker...
boom boom, shizzle nuts
salami... bitches go waaaaaaaaaaay...
high... white boy got shroom
for a dick-yo...
i know that east africans
abhor west african,
they call them -
<em>kakhuluizinkamba</em>
oh look, he he...
a german sounding
colony in africa, simply
based on the spelling "conundrum"
(it's called an act of ridicule
as to excuse a misnomer,
because third party says, so):
i think that means: loud mouth...
plus... never met a nigerian
girl i'd like to fuck,
but one kenyan coal...
mmm hmm...
smoked her grass
like a serpent princess
and god,
that skin was a mirror
i allowed myself to fixate on
the moon... clearly i saw
something in the <em>rhesus'</em> OOH!
that much needing a photograph
startled expression...
NIGGA NIGGA NIGGA WHA?
NIGER NIGERIA SAY WHA?
hmm... <em>herrkichert</em>: giggles...
i love the fact that
africa is, a continent,
up is not down,
west is not east,
lighter skinned peoples
are not respect,
get shipped off,
speak some rap,
some settle for the palm
tree tropicana of the carribean...
it's, ha! like this arab
fwend said to me:
the love of: genital: contrasts...
it's far beyond colours...
its a certain fascination with
shapes...
although opposite in terms
of universals of sex antonym...
well no, it's not like every
single white girl...
not every single black girl...
but you're on your own,
sitting at a table playing
a steppenwolf game with
the audience, and three kenyan
beauties approach you for
a chat...
locked in to having genitals,
and there's a chair,
thank you, very much...
if only the somali pirates...
i'd be like: you really forgot
the cognac...
i had it in a little glass
next to my head,
when i woke up, the cognac was...
dead? well, gone, richard gere style...
<strong>kinywa kwa sauti kubwa
kwa sauti kubwa kinywa</strong>
it's not perfect,
because i'm not learning,
i just want to known
of the arabs, keeping
crocodile zoos to ensure
a steady stream of leather shoes
in Mombasa tell you
to read it: left to right to left,
or to read it: right to left to right,
beyond what the druids wrote,
grammatically speaking...
the other bit?
zool!
so do the african-americans even
know that an east african would
call a west african a nigger?
extra G, prowess!
i think he ment to say: loud mouth...
ha ha...
i love how african-americans
are deluded about the delusion
of an <em>africa: UNITED!</em>
black, what-what?!
no, i haven't been to a lot
of places...
but the places i've been to
i attempted the human face...
kenya imports timber from ghana...
learned that from the bartender
giving me extra short of cognac
trying to play poker with me...
but ven e'gein, outside of
Arkansas... there is no Arkansas!
i'd gloat, bloat,
if i only did have to hide
in one of those Nero flotilla shades...
when in africa? hide from
the sun... have a fucking hyper-active
form of siesta...
otherwise you're reduced
to getting a suntan,
which makes you look as stupid
as eating tablespoons of
powdered cinnamon;
simba m'ah schlimba...
sham'ah sham'ah
sham'ah yay...
harpoon,
first mate:
it 'em at day tatties...
one fucker down,
two fuckers down...
third?
did a seal's worst
impression of a baboon
scratching its over-taxed
worth of butt (already) worth's
of hemorrhoids...
ever see a baboon with
a third butt-cheek?
i.e. a hemorrhoid?
hence the clapping...
B. Moonglit of the jungle,
never, ever, really managed
to wipe his ass...
still...
i love how african-americans
think there's an "africa"...
well... there's kenya...
but you know,
you sample one good aspect
of the continent,
there's no real point sampling
a lottery ticket
of replica to "prove"
a "similar" point of experience.
There are no Apaches
With flaming arrows and piebald ponies
There are no writhing jungles round here
There are no lost temples
Hiding untold treasures
There are no damsels to be rescued
By a knight on a white charger
There are no pirates on the high seas
No skull and crossbones flying
Above a deck bristling and glistening
With cutlasses and flintlocks ready
And hook hands and black eye-patches
In the sunlight of the Spanish Maine
There are no interplanetary wars
With hand-held laser guns
And weird creatures from strange worlds
They just do not exist
I learned this when
I was very very young
And I really wanted to be a pirate
By Phil Roberts
I am not guided or protected
By the pulsing lights along the coastline,
My paper sails hang on toothpick-thin masts,
Unfurled, but not billowed,
Becalmed in the doldrums inside this glass.
Ropes of yarn, lie coiled on my deck.
Hatches open to an empty place
That holds neither cargo nor treasure
But is nonetheless called a hold.
No sailors climb the rigging to an empty crows nest,
There being no pirates or whales to watch for.
Life boats and anchors are superfluous,
There are no lives to save, no harbor in which to drop anchor.
There is no salt in the air inside this bottle of musty oxygen
And crewless, I sail the vast Sea of Imagination
That moved the fingers of a landlocked shipwright.
WALKING IN TO THE ROOM
FILLED WITH
LOVE
INSTANT COMFORT
Like our
GRANDMOTHER HUGS
GENUINE &amp;
INFECTIOUS
CONTAGIOUS
AS WE PILE INTO THE HOUSE
FILLED
WITH
WISDOM
TRUTHS
SMILES &amp; LAUGHTER
GOIN DOWN MEMORY
LANE AS
OUR AUNTS AND UNCLES GATHER
SIT &amp; REMINENCE OF TIMES WHEN THEY WERE US
AS WE MINGLE
HEART'S TINGLE
FACES SMILE
WITH DELIGHTED
TO SEE SUM WE HAVEN'T SEEN IN A WHILE
YOU CAN FEEL IT
AS THE LOVE
FILLS THE HOUSE
CAMERAS CLICKING
POSING COUSINS
LAUGHING
HAPPY TEARS
LOOKING AROUND
@ ALL WHOSE
HERE
GENERATION AFTER GENERATION
OUR BLOOD LINE RUNS DEEP
WITH
MORALS
LOVE &amp;
LOYALTY
YES WE'RE THE EUTSEY'S
NOT LIKE ANY OTHER FAMILY
WE FIGHT
WE FUSE
WHEN THE TIDES TURNS AND THE WINDS OF LIFE GETS ROUGH
&amp; HAS 1 US IN ITS GRIP
IT'S FAMILY
THAT'S COMES
HARD &amp; QUICK
WHEN FALLING
WE FALL INTO A HUMAN NET OF
EUTSEY LOVE
2 CATCH US
SUMTIMES WE EVEN CATCH STRAYS AND BRING EM HOME
We're Family theirs no doubt
EYE LOVE LINEAGE
THIS IS WHAT ITS A ABOUT
KingandQueen Productions
Pirate Airways
Starlight shines from limousines
On the streets of Monte Carlo
But I'd prefer a cup of tea
In a caff with Gary Barlow.
He'd draw inspiration from
The drabness of the venue
And weave sweet melodies around
The items on the menu.
Spreading sounds of happiness
Around the greasy spoon.
He may be a chub-a-lub
But he sure can write a tune.
I could take him back to mine
To feast on milk and cookies.
Watching pirate DVDs
In my flat above the bookies.
I would part the curtains
So the jealous neighbourhood
Saw me orally rewarding
The blond scribe of 'Back for Good'.
He could climb atop me
Like he mounted Kilimanjaro
Everything changes forever
Once you've tasted Gary Barlow.
Down to earth despite his millions
Cuddlier than Robbie Williams.
Looking pensive in a vest,
Gary Barlow is the best.
Walking towards the library
A grandeur box filled with mystery
A mixture of smell of old and new (world)
You can taste the universe at the palm of your hand
I love to be alone in the library
With Pirates and dolphins and in lovers bliss
I feel the feeling the story gives
(Like) The excitement of horrors, thrillers, and romance gives
This excitement (or feeling) I cant get anywhere
Only in stacks full of books lined up everywhere
Even when I am not reading anything,
Their company gives me a natural pleasure or high
I cant describe but imagine
All I know is I am at the company of the Kings
Midnight on my mind, midnight on my mind. I followed my foot as it slipped into the dust leaving a haunted pirate ship that was going way too fast for casual conversation. The wind was relentless and yelled in my ears as I wondered why I don't own any wigs, and also, why would anyone own any wigs? I feel for my pulse and find it happily nestled behind barely there skin and a few shaky bones. My hunger never asked to be acknowledged, it just whimpered and begged behind my heels like a stray dog I've never met before. The dawn was coming, the ghosts scattered down the cat walk like spiders with flies on their mind. Spiders covered their eyes as a bruised purple sky made love to an orange blossom.
There was an ancient gully
there were skeletons,
ocotillos strewn across the sand
holy places creatures crawled out from
cactus brittle, drying, lying dead
Mirages leapt - spectrally
ghost dancers, drunkards falling down again
bloodshot eyes searching,
shipwrecks, lost waters, the sea
cool river floating past the trees, you drift
crash and wake alone
cow skulls haunt you
death's sun bleached
bones
On opening day 2013
I wrote a poem
About my beloved
Pittsburgh Pirates
It's called Pirates Fan
That I am
I lamented twenty years
Of losing
And shined in optimism
That change was coming
It's now August
And the Buccos
Are in first place
Best record in baseball
Gearing up for
Playoffs in the fall
After twenty years
Of losing!!!
There is hope
For all losers
Keep grinding it out
One day you
May find yourself
In first place!!!
For the moment
We are
Number one!!!
She sat on a branch of a tree.
It swung in the wind like a camel's neck.
Her dress is a tomb.
She had a book she is hanging
over like the hunchback of Notre Dame.
The sun through the scene like
windmills sweeping away the twilight.
She closes the book to say
reader I didn't marry him as her
heart reverberates run on sentences.
There runs a lady through the night right before her.
Fireflies skip against the inside of her pure dress.
Her eyes when viewed do depress.
Pearls break forth from her chest as
she keeps on running towards the girl
in the tree but never ever arrives.
The girl scratches all the frowns of
the tree until only hers is left.
Oh She will never ever be in love.
She said to herself reader I never
married him and it was all because of her.
Branches start drawing broken hearts on dead leaves.
They do not agree with the controversial conversation.
Oh you can ascribe romance to beauty
without love entering into the door of the equation.
The bees fly around her head trying to find her eyes.
They'd do anything to stab the light of love in her eyes.
The bees are black dots that
escaped from the book that pirates hid it in.
Oh you can romanticize a friendship
that goes only as deep as family.
Her black hair lets go of it's fist as it sets sail.
The lady running through the
night was who she used to be though.
The silent night
and silent ocean have
the silent moonlight
no wind
no ripples
beneath the silent lamps
are the silent eyes
the ocean knows
a lot of stories of
mermaids
and shipwrecks
and why does it still remain
silent
in the silent night
don't wanna watch the stars
just wanna know
whether the storm has sounded
when will the rain come
where does the wind rest
when will the waves
wake
tonight
wanna leap into the ocean
to shatter the silent surface
and tear the silent
color of night.
"When can we learn about Dragons?"<em>
Not now, we are studying the formula.
</em>"When can we dance in the rain?"<em>
Not now, we must do our chores.
</em>"When can we be pirates?"<em>
Not now, we don't have a ship.
</em>"When can we go on an adventure?"<em>
Do we have swords or sticks? Do we have bravery and noble steeds? No.
</em>"Can we imagine?"*
There's no time for that.
I was a stranger to all and most of all avillain to myself.
It was at fifteen I began my love with the bottle a affair I still hold true as friends resemble highway markers worn still standing yet never do the grasp my road they simply judge my miles.
You all start pure as life fucks us all up in such different and brutal yet perfect ways.
Drugs a experiment for which I have earned a degree cocaine a vice women far more deadly to me neither of which I intend to stop using anytime soon.
The road was my lure and still the deserts thirst shall never be quenched I feel a pirate whom stands amongst strangers I have known for a lifetime and held that much more of regret.
Shards of my past escape fragments of my existence color the nights black and gray a vague thought of a harsh intrusion I'm beyond what most would consider there limits I will be fine.
Now let me tell you yet another well intended lie.
I have buried more friends now I only wish to hear those voices that made me feel the warmth in this cold of success.
Fuck if I can pretend to hold it together the ships sank and I am but a ghost that haunts this frame that stands before you now.
To feel pain is to feel something at least .
I bare no cross for I claim no guilt so place your bullshit on someone else for it will never plague my existence my friend.
I'm here now so don't cast a farewell before the final round my dear,
We all know demons I simply bask in there hell for a wicked charm and a burnt out existence that is I.
I view the image in the mirror and understand who I am.
Can you truly say the same?
I.
I'd hardly left port from the Mango Moonstation
for transport of Flurrblugs to Terris Weep,
when setting my course in autopilot,
adjusting my chair, then drifting to sleep-
A light flashed before me, eclipsing the stars!
Brighter than Einstein, and redder than Mars!
Panic pervaded my peaceful dream!
Clutching the wheel I shrieked, Tractor beam!
I was caught! Oh, that invisible snare I fought,
unaware that my efforts were all for naught
when traitorous engines turned me in
and with only a muted, sputtering scream-
floated me helplessly upstream.
"Pirates!", I cried- I was fearing the worst,
for my cargo was cursed Azrunian gold. But behold!
These were void dwellers! Vile demons from hell!
Cursed rare metals from them would never sell!
...And my transport vessel was worthless as well!
Just when I told myself this might go well-
well lets say their efforts were certainly saved
when they tied me down, and locked me up,
and sold me as a slave.
II.
Three days in darkness, then unbound at the legs
and prodded by spears to spongy ground,
suddenly surrounded by thousands of fish eggs.
Drat! Sold to the service of the Landfish king-
surely to fight in his fiery death ring.
They marched me to the armory,
through slime which stained the very air.
The stench, the flies, and vacant stare
of that many Fishmen was hard to bare
(though Fishmen are typically quite unaware).
Here I was covered head to toe
with maple syrup and cookie dough
to entice the beasts to which I'd be fed.
I've always been one to keep my head,
so I pretended I was already dead,
and they threw me to the rats instead.
In this manner I nearly did escape
and make it to port having hardly a scrape,
but decided to stay for the rest of the day
after I'd looked up and suddenly seen
appear on a fifty foot teleview screen-
the beautiful Squidean hypnotist queen!
I loved her then like rubies and gold
(though truth be told, she's hideous
in two hundred'n four horrible ways,
most putrid by far of all fish-skin glaze-
but what's all that matter anyways?
For she'll transform like butterflies,
if you just look directly into her eyes!)
III.
Only under some spell I swear,
would I dare sleep with a queen.
Well- including spell of drug or drink, I mean,
but she needs no substance to make my will sink-
I think I'd kill to quill her ink.
Her gentle hands hold every Sir
like puppets under her allure,
thus making me quite unsure
if, aside from her,
anyones actually free at all.
She asked the king to throw her a ball
where I met her on the stairs,
and starring into her starry eyes,
she lulled me to sleep
(though I suspect I was actually hypnotized).
When I awoke I was inside her quarters,
naked and tied to her by her orders,
insatiably craving her breath and sweat-
until the door slammed open wide
revealing the Landfish King's black silhouette.
The king stood starring, but hadn't spoken-
probably on account of his soul
having just then broken...
I strangled him then with a Zargoball glove,
which I'd seen hung from the wall above.
It's funny really, what you'll do for love.
IV.
For my crime I'm to serve a triple life sentence
mining the Blarko Belt for my repentance
with just one small shuttle to drain the wells-
which I've secretly fitted with new fuel cells.
Though many distractions may steal my eye,
no beauty shall ever surpass the night sky-
and stranded am I, but for what it's worth,
stars do shine dimmer when seen from the Earth.
A wind-turbines lament. (29 January 2017)
I am a wind-turbine. For five and a half years
I have been stood on this nice hill,
Turning my blades as I was taught.
They say I am making something called power
So you can boil your kettles and make tea,
Turn on your heating and snuggle up
Cosy and warm when its cold; or run the air-conditioning
When it gets hot.
My name is Wallie,
And I am very sad.
From my hill I used to see
A sandy bay, with lots of nice grass
Growing along its edge, and pretty flowers bobbing
in the same winds that turn my blades.
I really liked those flowers,
And felt close to them. They danced like me
In the cold winds, warm winds, summer breezes
And autumn gales coming off the sea.
And you walked there as well, sometimes,
And saw the flowers, and your dogs ran along
Between the sand-dunes, and rushed in and out of the waves
Which broke on the beach, where your children played
And built sand-castles.
But now people have come;
They had huge orange diggers which clashed with the soft
Colours of beach and sea and sky;
And they ripped up the grass and the flowers and the sand-dunes,
And then people laid sterilized turf
And made bunkers full of infertile sand
Where nothing grew.
And the whole beach was walled off, so no-one could walk there.
And the dogs no longer chased their tails, and the flowers no longer bloomed;
And all the gulls which used to swoop over the foam
Went away.
And now all I have to look at
Is people with check trousers and garish hats,
And serfs carrying bags full of funny-shaped sticks;
They walk about on the turf and hit little balls
And then they go to where theyve landed
Not on foot, with dogs and children running
But in little carts in clashing colours.
I asked the wind-turbine next to me,
Which can get pirate radio frequencies on its antennae,
What was going on and he said
(his names Wallie too); they are playing golf.
And I said: why? and he said: they have nothing better to do.
The other turbines and I (were all called Wallie)
discussed what to do;
And we decided I should write this letter
To any newspaper which will print it, and complain:
We used to have a nice view from this hill,
Of a sandy bay, with lots of nice grass
Growing along its edge, and pretty flowers bobbing
In the same winds that turn our blades.
We really liked those flowers,
And felt close to them. They danced like us
In the cold winds, warm winds, summer breezes
And autumn gales coming off the sea.
But now all we have to look at
Is barren grass, denatured sand,
And people in garish clothes who do not care
For flowers and grass and dogs and seagulls
But just hit little balls about.
No one asked us
If we wanted this change; we were not consulted
And we want to know why we, who serve you faithfully
And give you heat and light, and power your homes
Are worth less than these other people,
Just because they are rich?
We are only wind-turbines,
But our voice should also count.
And it you dont agree
Ask yourself: how much is your own voice worth?
And why?
she is a little more than a little tired of
lists.And litanies that go no
where, and
hail no one.it would be nice to be the
list, instead, being penned, being spun into be
ing, to be the logical result of a strong clear
desire.(all she can really remember
from that pirate
movie is that the compass only worked if
you could let yourself
wild yawp want it).
More. more (the word quivers at the nub
like something might be actually
happening).
More
magic beans.
Less stirring soup.
More of to fly into
a rage at the intrusion
more intrusion! less
steady golden eggs that bore her
into a whipless
stupor.More unknown. More parapets of cloud. More
lovers the size of small mountains. More rumbling
and coming apart at the fault lines.
More lava beneath me, she writes and grows
warm. Oh! How
that would burn...
Combined.
Piece by piece
To form something else
And something else is put
With another creation of
Something else
Which gives something
Else a meaning
Suddenly you have
Painted a picture
Of birds in the wind
Of where you've been
Of ships and pirates and
Princesses and captains
Then you build with these tools
It tells you about that boy
It tells you the state of our troubles
The world's dire need for change
Or how to bake a pie
You wonder what other
Mystical powers these things
Have. Put together on paper
Weaving imaginary battles
Incredible tales of triumph
Demanding action from political figures
A jumping heart in your throat
Remembering how good it feels
To feel you can do anything...
Remembering that doing anything
Isn't just for eight year olds
Who want to be a hero
But for the entire world to
Be reminded every now
And again
Your
words
can
change
the
world.
one<em>
You were my very first kiss,
But it became obvious that you loved roly polies more than me
It was never meant to work between us.

</em>two*
Behind a tree at recess,
I showed you mine and you showed me yours
We were too young to feel ashamed of our bodies
We were pirates exploring a brand new sea
At 6 years old, every touch was a good touch

<em>three</em>
You told me I was funnier than all the boys in the class
You told me you hated going to mass on Monday mornings, too.
You pushed me on the swings and didnt ask me to push you back.
I dont even remember your name.
<em>four</em>
Thank you for trading me your favorite charzard pokemon card
Thank you for being my friend
Thank you for telling me you would miss me when I moved away
I was lonely before I met you
And after I unmet you
<em>five</em>
When it turned out that you were gay
I thought to myself thisll be a funny story
to tell my grandkids one day
<em>six</em>
When YOU turned out to be gay
I decided maybe it would be better not to tell the grandkids
<em>seven</em>
Once we held hands in a middle school play
9 years later I watched you give your second interview on CNN
So, Im not saying that I am responsible for your amazing success,
But Im certainly not saying that either.
<em>eight</em>
After our first date,
I called and told you
That I missed you already.
I still do.
<em>nine</em>
Maybe one day Ill forget the exact shade of your eyes
And the number of freckles sprinkled across your nose

I think of you more often than I dont.
<em>ten</em>
Once we talked on the phone for 7 hours,
And when I told you I needed to go to sleep
You asked me to keep the phone on and lay it beside my pillow
You told me that you wanted my voice to be
The first thing you heard in the morning.
You said that you missed me terribly when I was gone.
But you were a really terrible kisser.
<em>eleven</em>
When I think of you I think of broken glass.
<em>twelve</em>
You asked me to call you Peachtree Jackson
The first time I met you.
And thats when I knew Id love you forever.
<em>thirteen</em>
I knew it was going to hurt when it started.
I was too young, and you were too old.
You were the first person to tell me that I had a beautiful mind
You kissed me greedily like a diver coming up for air
You are the reason I love poetry.
You are the reason I hated high school.
Your son is the spitting image of you,
And I hope that your wife tells you she loves you every single day.
<em>fourteen</em>
We melted into each other like honey into warm tea
Like new snowflakes into an open palm
We swapped virginities like baseball cards
You pressed your hands into my body like wet cement
Now when I undress for another man
I worry he can still see your finger prints
I thought of you like a small child
Who needed a hand to hold when he crossed the street
You treated me like your favorite shirt
Hung me carefully in the back of your closet
Kept me in your darkest room
Washed me out too many times and refused to throw me away
When you noticed the seams start to rip
You sewed your name into all my underwear
So everyone would know who they belonged to

<em>fifteen</em>
I know that you love me
But in a practical way.
I really, really did want it to be you.

<em>sixteen</em>
Your laugh still makes me feel like candlelight
Your sleepy morning smile is a lit up Christmas tree
Your kiss is a comfy sweater fresh from the drier
You were the first person I was afraid to sleep next to
Not because I thought you would leave in the night,
But because I was afraid to wake up ungracefully beside you
I wish you had told me the last time I laid myself next to you
Would be the last
I would have hummed the sound of your breathing
Committed each rise and fall of your chest to memory
I would have whispered my love into your ear
Instead of into your pillow
You are still my favorite part of the last 4 years
And I am the thrift shop you visit
To remind yourself what becomes of the people you love
When youre gone

<em>seventeen</em>
This is for the love I have not yet met
I dont know when well meet or where well meet.
It might be tomorrow or it might be 10 years from now.
Right at this moment you might be standing 3,000 miles
away from me
Or you might be shopping for groceries at the supermarket
down the street
Wherever you are, I hope that you are thinking of me, too.
But take your time, love.
You dont need to feel rushed.
Whenever youre ready to find me
Ill be here.
Ready to add your name to my list.
(As far as the Eye can See)
I don't care if she's pirates.
Dizzying unbelief.
Carrying my love far away like some thief.
I don't care if she's a cheater
I need her for me
Without contradiction my life couldn't be.
So I do care, I guess
And I must have an enemy
Which I guess must be wrong,
But never mind, me
So back to the story:
This just couldn't be.
So I guess that I'm dying--
I guess that I'm free.
It was Christmas, December 25th 2014.
I was 20 years old.
My family was downstairs playing a game,
And I was upstairs pouring through a book of poetry like water.
I had said the wrong thing, again.
I had upset my mother and my brother, again,
So I had banished myself to the bed in the corner
Of the room that once was mine but now resembled the mind of my sister much more than my own,
The color and the bedspread and the smell had all changed.
She wont let me light incense anymore.
I had spent most of the morning in tears,
After seeing a photograph of myself.
This is not an uncommon occurrence.
But today, Christmas 2014,
My motherss sisters husbands sons daughter,
A girl of 12, had died in a car accident.
So my mother was not in the mood to humor my low self esteem,
For she was shaken and fearful,
So she lectured me about appreciating what we are given and being grateful.
But my mind would not allow me to see the big picture she had painted with steady hands,
My mind had tied a chokehold around my positivity and blinded my eyes to the beauty of the fallen snow.
I never feel more like a stranger than I do when I am wrapped in my childhood bed.
These walls have never known me to love myself, and I have never known how to inside of them.
On Christmas, December 25th 2014 I read a line by Sarah Kay.
The line said, No matter your wreckage. There will be someone to find you beautiful.
I had never cried over a line of poetry before.
I had never wanted to believe a line of poetry as badly as I wanted to believe Sarah Kay, in that moment,
To truly believe that someday, someone would be able to look past all of the broken pieces I had left in other boys, in other places, in other coffee cups and street lights,
Would be able to see the beauty I cannot even find in myself, to see the train of thought I have lost the breaks to,
And truly, deeply and passionately love me.
In that moment, you texted me and my phone lit up like our tree downstairs, now empty.
You do not love me.
You do not see my train of thought, my broken pieces, my shipwreck broken bits of wood, my wreckage.
But you told me I was pretty.
And in that moment, it was enough to stop my tears
And give me the courage to write this poem
And love myself for a fleeting moment
On Christmas.
A bold pirate
vanquished King Phillips hapless galleons,
bathed himself in gold peso coins
manic fingers feverishly caressing the lucre.
Mindless with greed
he sailed into rough waters
where great whales watched
as gales ripped the grommets
that held the cords that secured the sails
and the great sheets collapsed
like canvas shrouds.
Still the pirate caressed each coin
ignoring the rogue waves
oblivious to the grand schools of whales
gathering around.
Singing in chorus
the great behemoths mused
patient in their knowing
mans treasure destiny is always
on the floor of the deep ocean.
The captain sank with his ship
his pockets laden with lustrous gold
and his silk shirt billowed in the current
like a flag announcing his descent
to a place where he could not breathe
and nothing could be bought
and the whales slaps their flukes
on the waters surface
in thunderclaps of applause.
it goes like this-
he pulls himself into himself, ribs
collapsing inward in an attempt to become smaller. smoke and mirrors and a jump from a high-rise
he never quite pulled it off, though
he says "brand new, baby
never been used"
holds my hand and tells me a lovesong that ends with:
"and the dust settled."
gripping at my fingers so the bones crack
it sounds more like a confession than a story
and he's never been able to stay still so
he doesnt,
fidgeting away and back, a restless tide
salt licking at his cheeks, and he tastes like a dream
like the ruined rotted boards of a shipwreck
and he smells like smoke all the fucking time. i wanna
romanticize him,
wanna breathe in his lungs and blow out a piece of art,
i wanna dress him up in angel wings
and ask him how close to the sun he can go without melting. split me open
wartime in monochromia, could do this for hours
if i didnt know that it would wreck me. he cant stop
fingering open the holes in his jeans, says
he just wants to have control over something. says,
"this is what it feels like to be on fire"
and i believe him.
Is it my fault that my vision's too big?
These glasses I wear keep slipping down my nose are too thick for you to even see through.
These dreams, your subjective opinions on grading all my journals, questions, and overall performance, are frying up a singe too.
This head you say it's too big for you cause you said I can't see the world like you do this and the people won't bother you.
School walls can't appreciate the mandala this mind of mind spins and spins but you milk through.
What's the point of words if you can't see it through your thick skull-
a gunshot, you heard that?
You're killing the vision off these kids wearing glasses programmed to think that they're smart
You taught them to put them on and wear what they're told so the world sees they're good, to save face is all you do.
I've gone blind from seeing through your one eyed pirate glass.
Middle finger up, no thank you.
Its almost 6, and the night is fighting with the last rays of sun,
Its armor and sword are both stronger the glow of sun, Stars comes out like your eyes, breathing down my neck,
Sitting across the Chinese restaurant in, with a cigarette dangling in your fingers blazing as harshly as bitumen laying on road as your skin on my skin was last night
You have been constantly eying me like I am breast of the freshly cut chicken,
I take slow sips of my beer, opening and reopening my fortune cookie, but its already been cracked and my fate has been sealed,
I pity the planets and us, we all are stuck in our orbits, and we always talk about the corruption in Russia and about pirates in Somalia,
We take detour of this city, and only this one, driving circles around the Wal-Mart, buying coffee beans and condoms,
I quiet my raging mind, which writes essays about the Greek gods and Atlantis; it fights with the night, but night plays word-games,
It twists its words into lyrics of lovers and pours them in my mouth, and twists its fingers in my vagina
Its, almost 8, there are two bottles on the table, emptied like my heart, your ash tray full like your lungs with smoke and lust
Its 8, and sky is cobalt with streaks of lighter shades passing through like the Helicopters on Independence Day and I take this as my sign, and leave 20 dollar bill and a letter which screams Im gone,
Bustling street and a Vegas sky welcomes my heart to the possibility of finding Atlantis.
When I was writing my piece, "For Donna(Society has Changed)", I remembered that Corpus Christi has an annual "Buccaneer Day" celebration. My brother and me always dressed up in costume to take in some of the events. Of course, as a kid, and some "adult kids" couldn't be a pirate unless you wore a patch over one eye, a red bandana around your head, and a scar drawn on your face.
There was always a re-enactment of the pirates attacking, boarding, and taking command of a galleon. Then I remembered columnist Dave Barry's creation of "Talk Like a Pirate Day!" With some of the responses to my post, it seems I found the key to unlock that "inner child", releasing more recollections of childhood pleasantries.
Now, all ages seem to be getting in on the act. Taking time off from these stressful times to do something asinine, somewhat ridiculous, but totally enjoyable,at least for a little while. There doesn't seem to be much of that anymore.
copyright: Richard Riddle 07-28-15
these cultural darwinists always seem
to frame their arguments with
something akin to:
oh... when i was <em>five</em>...
well done!
i'm not jealous...
ridicule / sarcasm can be mistaken
for that sort of emotional content...
how about you sit on a balcony
with two <em>macaque</em> monkeys
and end up feeding them
sugar bags... and then tea...
without water...
and then wonder:
why are they getting all fucking crazy?
honest to god... i spent 2 weeks in kenya...
the highlight?
the macaque monkeys...
+ the baboon that was a somalian pirate
who raided the tourists' cafeteria...
and the other baboon with
haemorrhoid growths on its plump
pink protruding buttocks...
that was fun...
so yeah... kenya...
chilling during the day...
macaques going bonkers on the sugar...
chilling during the night...
macaques going bonkers paranoid: it's a snake!
africa is weird...
in europe it's not even like we get owls
roosting in outer-suburbia cooing...
in africa?
you can sit outside in the night and still
chance to hear a monkey twitching
or talking in its sleep...
but i really don't know how the colonial
powers that once were managed it...
2 weeks in... and i was like:
get me the fuck out of here!
the heat was unbearable!
but it's true... they always
tell this story: oh, when i was five... clap clap clap...
oh when i was seven... hoorah!
and when i chilled out with two macaque monkeys
on a balcony... trying to forgive the kenyan
noon sun...
while watching a somali baboon
raid the tourists' cafeteria...
well... shit happens...
to be honest though...
the most soothing senstation runs through you
falling asleep in kenya in the night, watching
the ocean... on a deck chair...
you put an unfinished glass of brandy
near your head... you wake up in the morning...
and you're like: who the fuck stole my brandy!
ah... but it's all about the macaques...
and the somali baboon pirates...
baboons are really obnoxious bastards...
they're not exactly cheeky like the macaques
due to their size...
strong motherfuckers...
i'd say half the size of a chimpanzee...
ah fuck... but seeing haemorrhoids on a baboon's
protruding ass?
let me tell you... that's a cure
for wanting to see the Eiffel tower
after seeing what i said prior.
Droplets of a black swan's fever sweats
coat purplish nightmare blisters
Reminds me of nights before
I forced my eyes to sometimes drift
through broken down envy telescopes
opening pathways to fissured late night ruptures
Blotting out black plague garlic mask threats
no one left to speak ill of these mass grave
injuries
Our blight flag battle standards set for
miserable whiskey soaked duelists trudging through the snow
past careless crossroad wasps' nest dissection
a Glasgow smile cut in a hostile makeover struggle
makes for uneasy amends
when my copper cable pirate princess
holds the offending knife
pulled across like a dishwater blonde's drag on a last fix
I know I'm hard to follow but no one else
will take the torrential reigns
to leads us home but bitterly so
Who do we end up with in heaven
if no one likes us now?
see little Tommy
no, you cant see him in the trolley -
like a monkey
or a possum on the tree
hes well-hidden
so expert, as mom
pushes the trolley
through the aisles
And then nimbly
he crawls out
and hangs by the handle
feet on the brackets
still hidden
and suddenly drops
on the floor
light as baby Tarzan
And Mom says: <em>Tommy!</em>
and Tommy laughs
and climbs back into the trolley
like a little Alexander on a metal Bucephalus
and there he stands commandeering
the trolley: <em>Cheese, mum! Lollies! Lollies!</em>
And Mum says to Little Tommy:
<em>Shhh! Shhh! Shhh!</em>
But little Tommy
hes the Master and Commander
and pirate
but mostly the monkey
on the shopping trolley
down the aisles and down the corridors
and the food court
sliding and jumping and hiding
in his fantasy world of the trolley
see little Tommy -
no, you cant see him in the trolley
like a monkey
or a possum on the tree
hes well-hidden
so expert in the trolley
he so happily commands
Half blown up air mattresses
Mike's hard lemonade
Getting hit in the head with a guitar
Black leather coats
The color red since it's your favorite
Really awesome belts
Blue eyes
Poetry
The ocean
Bands that scream, like flyleaf
Homemade Coffee and Starbucks too
Love Park
Guitar Picks since you use them &amp; I don't
Every flavor of Fourlocos especially Fruit Punch
American Spirits
Red hair dye
Doing piercings
Big T-Shirts
Candles
Old Records
The 3 words "I love you"
The colors orange &amp; blue since max loves them &max; reminds me of you
The cold cause you always keep me warm
Playing with smoke
"White Flag" by Dido
any song by Black Light Burns or Limp Bizkit
Logging on to Facebook
Tripping on the ground, especially in heels
Searching things on Youtube
Black underwear
Sushi
Night time
Laughing
The Moon
The sex section in barnes&amp; nobles
Bus stops
Benches
Good Luck cigarettes
Going through Camden
Pirate swords or just any kind of weapon that's sharp
July 19th
Coffee Mugs
Tanning
Feria conditioner from the L'oreal dye boxes
Hookahs
Lifeguard chairs
Trojan Magnum especially Fire and Ice
Studded bracelets
People that smell good
Fear of getting my heels stuck in cracks in grates on the street
Hickeys
Fred Durst
Camel Crush cigarettes
Electric Guitars
Zippo Lighters
Warmly lit rooms
My own perfume
Men's body wash
Suspenders
Summertime
Mismatching socks
August 5th
EVERYTHING.
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats
A time zone
The days tick by
The flights are scary infinite
Minute after minute
Writhing with nerves
A photograph
A memory
I don't care to remember
Lines I won't draw
Jawlines bloodied
A sickness
The cold fingers
Leeching warmth
From my tongue and forehead
The batteries?
A mechanism
The monotony
Robotic fear
Trembling at the fingertips
Cogs wound up
A shipwreck
Thrashed sails
Little pieces dashed against
The cold numb rocks
Consuming rain
A barrel
Made of steel
Hollowed out and rusted
Wind through the holes
An ember
An oil drum
Fragile metal
Skin braces for impact
A fire in my belly
Catastrophe
We build bridges.
Like links of hope
between strangers
who wish to have known each other better.
Like ways to write a letter
even if we are lost out and within the sea
when she is not so calm.
Waves break against my edges.
Solid, crash filled, and lighter than none.
When the stillness is all we are after
I clutch to the shipwrecks we made;
shifting through memories
and trying to find anything that still matters
left floating on these scattered life raft tatters.
Way out, away from the centering moon
I call to you
between dark waves and
stretched out in all ways and directions
with every bit of space for breath I have
just to see if you will long for me;
bent breaths with loose lungs expand and
Call to me, just to tell me,
I Love you too."
Because thats all it takes to pull me through
the icy shadows that lunge for me.
Part the space between the waves and run for me
so that I can watch the sunset
ignite spirit and burst fire in your eyes;
a cosmic light to burn through the lies.
Again for the last time.
Until the next time
you come home to my lips
and the way they crash waves with yours.
Enough that we build bridges
to find our way back to the shores
that made us wish so much for the ocean.
Right now,
Im acknowledging the fact that
I may be just some dock that your heart can find home in for a little while.
While youre in the gravity of my soul
Like the tides our lips pull together.
Far away from forever,
but I know it for a measure,
in your cyclical return...
Tell them what really happens . I know you know.
Tell them you know why the Blue Sky is black. What is it you think you know about water and spectrums?
You think Cocain looks like Chalk but you don't really care because you Smoke something else.
Tell them you think twice before saying something smart, Not very Smart is it?
I know you think they went to the Moon. Because you chose Neil and Mark over Mulder and Scully.
Talk to them about your glorious Sexual peaks that long for someone to match your Broken.
I know you think they don't know. How could they possibly know cloud-99
The Bliss. My days aren't numbered here.
My cup of tea, diluted because lukewarm is all I am
My HorrorScopes forever being so Jack and Rose on the shipwreck. Except, This is not a film.
Don't mention how I always Choke on the Calcium I smoke because Cocain is too Mainstream. That's not your business anyway.
It's the River of Frozen tears I get thenight chills from. I'm sick and how do I tell my Mother that I'm coming?
Who'll open the gates for me?
May The Lord See my heart and forgive me. My intention was to break breadand Learn how to sing. But all I learned was how to Speak Melancholia.
She closed the door
On what could have been
Wiped the floor
Of what should have been
Cleared the shelves of our memories
Washing her hands
Of the eternity
That we had both promised.
She painted the walls, and decked the halls
With her new lovers pen
Changed the locks
So I couldn't see her again.
She wrote away our history
On a little post it note
And sent it in an envelope of
Divorce papers
She called in the painters and decorators
And started anew
Put to bed
All that we'd been through
And left me dangling
By a thread
Waiting for the phone to call
For any sign at all
That this wasn't true.
Waiting for the I love yous
That had warmed even the coldest of mornings
Better than any cup of coffee ever could
Waiting for the reassuring cuddles and kisses
That had made me feel so, so good.
Waiting
For
The one person who had always caught me, to catch me
As I fell
Head first into an abyss
Of late nights and stiff drinks
That she'd spent years, pouring down sinks.
But since she's been gone
I've picked up the bottle again
And it's began to throttle the pain.
So I drink down the past and remains in whiskey drops
Until the floor lures me
I lose sight of the clocks
And hit the decks.
If I was a pirate,
I'd make a mighty good ship mate
But as it is
I'm not and I'm late for work
And wearing odd socks
A shadow of the man I used to be.
And even my shadow doesn't recognise me.
Canto I: Exposition
A dampened quill and wrist unstill
Dare gallop cross the page
Scribbled lines in black do shine
With much and fervent rage
And without fail, they tell their tale:
A passage tried and true
Lasting years, through hopes and fears
On page of yellow hue
Epic tales and loss at sea
Are listed in its text
The hand that writ this hallowed script
Can be no less than hexed
It begged, it sailed, it led a crowd,
It took a ladys life
It stole, it smote, and always wrote
In volumes more than rife
He took this hand to unknown land
To carve a profound path
He set the sail for times to come
Yet tore himself in half
He lay awake in warm Toulon
In misty-morning May
The yellow birds in shrillest words
Alert him to the day
For too long days and longer nights
Hes waited for the word
The morrow here will mark the first
Of correspondence heard
Bonaparte has rallied here
To Toulons bustling bay
Three-fourths a score of battleships
To Egypt make their way
Before the high and mighty men
Joined with the waters ebb
A note was slipped beneath the door
Assigned to M. Lefbvre
Finally, a true decree
Has blest his merry course
Soon, eagerly, hell set to sea
Lost time his one remorse
Canto II: Aleron
Out to sea are thirty-three
That with me sail the tides
With these men, I trust my life
They follow where I guide
And so were gone from warm Toulon
Just days from the decree
Noble men off far ahead
And me with bourgeoisie
Bonaparte has aimed his fleet
To Egypts sandy shores
Through pirate gangs and ill intent
His roaring cannons tore
We follow in this taintless route
As far as we can trail
But soon well turn half-way to stern;
To Gibraltar we shall sail
Days upon the Aleron
Are short but riveting
My men maintain their cheery air
And working still, they sing
No more of cloudy restlessness
No more of shady days
The blazing sun and windy waves
Have chased off my malaise
We pull our sheets and head from east
To curve around southwest
Past Ibiza, whose northern shore
Our Aleron caressed
The choppy sea grows thinner
And our nerves become unstill
The pirates of the Barbary Coast
Could leap in for the kill
And now, a sign above the line
Where water meets the sky
A towring plume of certain doom
Is growing ever high
The heavens choke with blackest smoke
As fires burn a boat
The raw, impending fear of Death
Is clawing at my throat
Canto III: Skull and Bones
Tis hours later and were chased
Beneath the star-dogged moon
We tried to break away to north
But broke away too soon
Unknown, we tailed the pirate ship
Then saw the far black dot
The crows nest signaled skull and bones;
We held onto our knot
We much too late had turned around
My Aleron spun slow
Sheets so white in plain of sight
Had sold us to our foe
Our heaviest of itemry
Into the sea we cast
Rusty tools and iron spools:
Submerged, and sinking fast
Yet still we could not make a pace
To lose the rotten crew;
On our backs, they sailed our tracks
And split our wake in two
And so the misty moon is here
And watches like a ghoul
As we divorce our southern course
For Pillars of Hercule
The flickring light behind us
Like a glimmer in an eye
Stares and preys upon us
In cover of black dye
It grows and throws upon our ship
A light of fear and blood
It digs into our drowsy eyes
With sharpness of a spud
We hold on to our frantic pace
Till night invites the day
When to our right, in bright sunlight,
An ally heads our way
With Godly sound the cannons pound
The scoundrels far in back
Our brothers there in ship so fair
Repelled the foul attack
Canto IV: Gibraltar
In safer seas, our Aleron
Met with Le Taureau Bleu
We buy and sell and trade our stock
And praise and thank the crew
For safetys sake, along we take
Two cannons of our own
Well stand a better chance against
The skull and crossd bones
On we sail, on more and more
On through the placid day
No longer faced with poor intent
We make our merry way
Finally, from the vociferous chum
Upon the tall crows nest
Land ho! Land ho! Enthused, we know
Gibraltars over the crests
I decide to park (good-will flag on ark)
At the British colonial base
With cannons in stow, civilians are we
Attacking is surely bad taste
Just then, as I stood face-front on the deck,
A shrill squawking was cast
To the back I turned, and quickly discerned
A yellow bird up on a mast
How dare it perch there! Id kill it, I swear
But Id fire not a gun
Britons who spy me would surely deny me
Fair entrance, if thats what Id done
Instead Ill sit tight; my crew is all right
They dont mind the bird at all
Ill listen and bear it, and try to forget
That the bird is the cause of my fall
Closer we draw to Gibraltars port
The Britons are within clear view
With a wave of a flag, they accept us in
But my anger cannot be subdued
I ready my gun; to the bird I have spun
And fire my shots to the air
The Britons, upset, rush onboard and get
Me constrained; and ensued despair
Canto V: The Crimson Owl
Silver chains kept me detained
As questioning carried on
Was I a spy for whom I ally?
Or was I simply a con?
I kept face as the questioner paced
And the brute slapped me around
Lastly, I smiled, as after a while
They had no evidence found
With regret, they set me free
Determining I was no harm
But seconds before I went through the door
A fellow rushed in with alarm
Cannons, found inside my ship
As rifles point at me
Again, they had me cuffed and chained
And threatened hostilely
Smuggling arms to enemy ships
Was written in their book
Chained and gagged and stowed was I
No better than a crook
Between the pillars I was passed
But not as I had hoped
Both my arm and legs were bound
My fragile neck was choked
In the bowels of The Crimson Owl
I slept in dark distress
No other day, with truth I say,
Had I known such duress
The days had passed and Id amassed
A hunger, fierce and true
All my thought was set aside
To find something to chew
When suddenly, the shrillest sound
Came flying from afar
A cannon shot had hit its mark
The mainmast it would mar
Sounds of death came all around
And finally toward me
My blind removed, I held in view
The pirates of this sea
Canto VI: Captain Riceau
I stepped aboard by point of sword
And left the burning Owl
Bienvenue  Le Chat Fou
Said a fellow through his scowl
But when I talked, they stopped and gawked
Surprised at me they were
A fellow French, I was embraced;
The Crazy Cat could purr
They brought me on, my captors gone,
And took me as their own
And for the time, I went along
And made this Cat my home
I was kept live, and was used for
My knowledge of the sea
For vengeance gainst the Britons
I complied happily
For months - perhaps three seasons passed
I rode upon this ship
Captain Riceau valued me
He named me second skip
For cause unknown, we crossed the sea
Old Captain held his tongue
He would not tell us why we trekked
And chased the setting sun
He brought us round the chilly tip
Of Chiles southern shore
No reason from his crazy lips
Though long did we implore
Then at last, the day had passed
When Riceau caught a cold
His eyes were red, his limbs were dead
His breathing: hoarse and old
I became the skipper then
And buried him at sea
We cut up north to flee the cold
But at a loss were we
Confused and crazy wed become
Just like the Cat, rode we
I thought to keep Old Captains path
And that meant mutiny
Canto VII: Mutiny
Two days itd take for them to make
The foul and bitter plan
That Id be through with Le Chat Fou
And theyd return to Cannes
I lay asleep, in sleep so deep
Dreaming of Calais
The maiden fair with yellow hair
Who one day would betray
In this dream, I heard her scream
And went to touch her cheek
But standing as a statue does
Her gaze was still and bleak
They dragged me back into this world
Then dragged me off the port
My lungs too filled with shockd air
To object to this tort
They threw my pants and diary,
And sandals, as they laughed
For shoes could serve no purpose
On the oceans liquid draft
The flickring light before me
Like a glimmer in an eye
Stares but grows more distant
And retreats into black dye
An injury had placed me in
A lesser swimming league
Then again, itd only serve
To cause me great fatigue
Three days, I had rode the tide
Of the western oceans waves
No shark, no squid, no slimy thing
For my flesh did crave
The crests came up like daggers
And fell like hulking trees
I prayed to God almighty
I survive the vicious seas
Finally, I set my stare
Upon the northwest sky
Far away, but clear as day:
An object in my eye
Canto VIII: Abyss
Although I swam me cross the sea
As fast as my arm can
Dry throat and sun win victory
Oer me: a fainted man
Trapped in darkness once again
I spy my fair Calais
Screaming, shrill in bleakness then
With not a word to say
Over me her head hangs low
Her arm is slightly raised
Blood drips off her elbow
Her expression leaves me dazed
Shes gone; the air is hard to breathe
The wind is biting cold
A canopy of restless leaves
Is stirring uncontrolled
Lost inside this world of wood
I struggle to emerge
Feels like years have I withstood
While searching for the verge
No chirpings from my yellow bird
No noises all around
Not a sound is to be heard
But footsteps at the ground
No rodents gnawing at the bark
No insects in the trees
Alone I sleep in brush so dark
With nobody but me
In the drying mud Im laid
Despondent of my fate
Looking through the verdant shade
The sun does penetrate
Streaming down, the light is rich
Bespeckled on the floor
Dancing round without a hitch
Its presence I implore
I call upon the pouring light
To lift me from this hell
To nullify the chilly blight
Incite the warmth to swell
Canto IX: Land Forgets Itself
The burning light lends me its faith
Yet suddenly absconds
The dulling light projects a wraith:
My soul from the Beyond
The day retreats and turns to night
The moon in place of sun
Mute, and without touch or sight
I desperately run
Fleeing from my fading soul
Myself, I do berate
For no such being should extol
Escaping from my fate
Luscious leaves all turn to brown
They wither and fall fast
Suddenly, upon the ground
A dune of sands amassed
Crawling on the desert floor
And shaking from the cold
I hate and bitterly abhor
The nights begrudging hold
In the distance, at the line
The land forgets itself
The beaming rays of light do shine
And warmth indeed does swell
Basking in the drenching sun
My coldness is expelled
Frigidity that night had won
Has fully been repelled
In the sands, Ive laid to rest
To steal the heat of day
Yet no sooner had the sun caressed
Than sourly betray
Melted on the scorching sands
My body burned and scarred
I cannot lift my torrid hand
My feet have both been charred
The burning heat has ripped my lust
For life and will to live
My last resolve is brutely thrust
Through Deaths unyielding sieve
Canto X: LOiseau Jaune
I coughed and spat the water that
I swallowed with my snores
Upon the sand my hand did land;
Id made my way to shore
The beach was bright with fiery light
My skin was hot and red
I tried to get out of my head
Those visions that I dread
A novelist I once had been
Writing was my joy
With pen in hand, I could withstand
Each plot set to destroy
Yet Calais came and stole my heart
But also my free time
We wed and had a baby boy
Our life was too sublime
I raised my pen to write again
To feed the family right
I spent my days filling the page
And toiled all the night
When finally, shed lost her mind
She needed to be loved
I tried to calm her shrill attacks
With no help from Above
My raging wife had grabbed a knife
And stabbed my writing hand
Yet somehow I had speared her eye
I couldnt understand
At the elbow, I was chopped
And no more could I write
The widespread fact Id killed my mate
Had augmented my plight
I beached onto an island;
This was no Chilean land
I walked around the grainy ground
And found nothing but sand
But soon a rescue ship had come
I was not too long gone
I read the name upon the port;
It was lOiseau Jaune
I have traveled all the way from heaven to hell
I failed to learn the customs of heaven to dwell
I want to remain as free bird but not in a shell
No I am in area of out of bound just all to tell
Under circumstances it is only way to be free
I do not care whatever the circumstances be
It was only the taste of heavenly forbidden tree
Please try to understand to what limit I agree
But I am pleased that I accepted predestined fate
You my love have taken my heart as oceanic pirate
I am knocking at your heart please open golden gate
Please be the part of my heart to love to associate
Col Muhammad Khalid Khan
Copyright 2017 Golden Glow
The longing in our faces cannot end until both shores unite, yours and mine
-- Virgil Surez*
Sky Deck, Promenade
Youve got me: at anchor, arched back over the deck rail, swimsuit slipped to the side, Im strolling your shoreline, thinking teeth, tongue and technique. Thinking about the worthy circumstances under which I could allow myself
. . .
to drown here with you.
Observation Deck, Tiki Bar
The making of a luxury cruise ship is always also the making of a vast, well-haunted wreck. The Accident, a promise, not unlike Deaths. This is axiom, accelerated by upper middle class leisure trends and the modern misunderstanding of the word travel." It's five o'clock somewhere,
. . .
it's a matter of time.
Upper Deck, The Casino
It might not be cool to think about the Accident on a cruise ship. To whisper Titanic under the breath on the deck, is like Macbeth murmured in the wings. But the wreckage awaits, people! A tidal guarantee:
. . .
we verge always on crashing.
Main Deck, The Spa
Cruise ships make beautiful reefs. Deck chairs calcified by culling. Drowned halls streaked with schools of silvery maxi-dressed sorority fishes flashing their empty ghostgirl glares.
. . .
The demise is in the design.
Deck 5, Main Dining Room
A good quick cry in your cabins matchbox bathroom, weve found, calms the seasickness within. Or, maybe its just the gin. So wanders me (engulfed in you) on the shore. Deaths sweet certainty scummy on my tongue, I want to ask you how it tastes,
. . .
we break for air.
Deck 6, Executive Suite Balcony
I map your profile. Or I try. I look for a crag to sweep my lingering thoughts of lifeboats beneath. Why me, anyway? Im no angelfish. I am nothing (almost.) A spray of white noise in the nights endless ink. A mouthful of seafoam spat off the stern. I am the lowest of poets with a cruel patchy sunburn,
. . .
I am slurring.
Deck 7, Slightly Smaller Luxury Suite Balcony
A gale catches my blouse in brief breeze-love. An Accident, momentous, sprays me in sea salted understandingit pools in the kissprints that you left in my sand. Maybe I want me too. Maybe drowning isn't so bad. I let your wake flood the hull,
. . .
and together we swell.
Deck 8, Emergency Exit Stairwell
But the lifeboats linger. The Accident is pending, and from some recess in me, unheard before, the false urgency of the gulls squawk wails. Within the invention of the condom, lies the invention of the broken condom. Within the invention of the heart, lies
. . .
the invention of poetry.
Deck 9, Economy Cabin 902
The surf beats on, our maps unchanged. I sink into bed alone, abuzz. Men are predictable fishes. The Accident barnacles me over with the stuff of graveyards. I am sorry for pocketing these stones. For thinking that I could walk into the surf, that I could sink with you, with any grace. I take no pride in this rum-soaked wreck, these postcard views boned in triangle trade residue. A curse, a cruise,
. . .
an all-inclusive escape.
mesa rises
a ship
sans sails
the moon
strips
the creosote
to blond
bone
it's errosion
causes
the desert to
ripple
beaches
hidden
tides
going
out
sea
nyctinastic
sirius flowers
open their
lazy eyes
the moon may
croon to
waves
dashing
on the
shipwreck
but
even the moon
makes
things
<em>grow</em>
SoulSurvivor
(c) 7/9/2016
Waking up startled, to battering wind and rain.
Tide marks surging to great gasping heights.
Catching breaths stolen by the wind.
Ashes to ashes and dust to dust.
Watching idly by while pieces of you dissolve into the shadows.
I want those clouds weaving through my fingertips.
Their curious renderings like powdered dirty sugar.
Taste it and they fall heavy with gloom like tart death in the aftermath of such storm.<em>
Counting the miles to the storm.
Ticking, tocking, and clicking.
The clock waiting in anticipation for the next thunderous sound.
Cold shivers up my spine like a thousand Carolina insults.
Your ghost still haunts and seeps into my pores lastly at night.
I taste defeat in the way you love.
It's like weaving clouds between my fingertips
Trying to grasp and hold onto every flowing motion of you pulling away from me
</em>My cold, cracked walls are surged.
Towered over in their crumbling decay.
I want to taste your rain.
Your lips gently sink into mine.
Crushed velvet smooth and warm waking up the army of dead hearts ready for battle.
I am no warrior but there's blood painted across my sky.
Red sky in the morning, sailors warning, as I float on out into your turbulent seas.
Looking back on shore I realize that I'm finally home.<em>
These seas roll uneasy.
Queasy.
Watching thru the mist towards our lighthouse that guided us to these depths
Trembling away like an afterthought.
The land has disappeared into the mouth of the shark.
Digested in the belly of a whale of angels.
Our sorrow holds us here, anchoring us to the tumultuous waves.
We battle our sea sickness with kisses of death lingering.
The soft pull of our exile turned oblivion.
</em>Navigating with open wounds the silky expanse of midnight unwinding above us, within us.
Knowing us through and through.
An island of quivering vulnerability breaks the static horizon.
Lights, smog beginning to choke the sea air in my lungs.
Too long you've been left unkempt, grown comfortable.
That will change with new currents,
North winds bringing the frigid breath of winter.<em>
Licking the sun off of the salty expanse of our sunburned red flesh.
The orgasm of desperation lingers thru our moaning fingers
Feeling and pleading for our SOS call to be heard by anyones ears but ours.
The shores of this icy water leave my mind beneath the dredges of polar sleep.
We've grown strained, frost bitten, and distant in the few feet we are able to part.
The growling of hunger satiates our parched thirst.
</em>I am rendered speechless adrift without you.
Hurricanes a coming.
Stand fast.
Secure the riggings.
Solaris brightens to light the way into calmer seas.
Those tepid shores of wonder and new beginnings fade into the horizon.
It's just you and me left to face the swelling tide.
Hang on.
The water is rising.
No one left to pull us saturated and insatiable from these waters of shadow and secrets.<em>
</em>The siren's song will bring us to our sharp shore end.
Resist the silky flow of nocturnal snakes wrapped around chilled flesh
Pulling closer to our aquatic hearts.
Hades and Persephone bond.
Glowing abysmal rage.
Holy grail veins.
Bleeding back into the orange crush dawn.
Night gives way to hollow rebirth
But once again we are inside one another.
Infinite.<em>
These waves crash on overboard.
Trying to drag us back into the frigid depths with each ebb and flow.
With each crash of wave I can feel our resolve growing weaker.
The sensation of just letting go and giving in.
Should we let go and just give in?
Leave ourselves at the mercy of shipwrecks.
This hurricane dance we've perfected on the endless depthless ocean
Left us weak and willing to pull ourselves apart.
To taste our insides on the outsides.
How many times I've wondered have you noticed my stare.
The lustful licking of my sun blistered lips.
I want to taste the way you think and feel the warmth of your life to keep me alive.
The oceans call, I have heard, brings out the worst in sailors.
Always searching for the elusive siren to sing us a song.
A song from the depths of mythology to lullaby us away from our status adrift.
</em>Our bodies collide in the tide once more.
Salted skin heated and torn
Latching on to something greater than just depths of starless prose.
You were a wicker man, weaved strong and whole.
I was a water girl, slipping straight through your bowl.
Wishes flow to and fro on tepid air laced with promises.
Our fingertips will never lose grip again,
the melody writhing between us like staccato heartbeats
Seeking solace on the endless seas.*
These waves rock us to shoreline.
Rock strewn and littered with the ribcages of whales
And the bows and sterns of shipwrecks long ago.
We pick up these pieces and hold them closest to our chest
Realizing the possibilities of a new home and a new start to this oceanic life we've drifted into.
We build a fire to warm our hearts and suspend our thoughts
Cradled and nestled in the crook of each others arms we leave our sea and our island
Soaring high into the clouds and the sleep weve begged for with our parched lips and swollen tongues.
Our dreams at night are the call of the sea begging to be drowned in our sand encrusted lungs,
To be one with us and our failures
The bequeathing cry of the seagull wakes us dully from our slumber
We peer out with sea salted eyes and realize it was all just a dream
We shout for help with all the voice we can muster
Letting in lungs full of icy ocean and dead crustaceans
Filling our bodies like bags of sand immobile
Weve been sleeping with our anchors held closely
Down in the depths of the endless ocean rolling.
Aurora, it needs a break.
After years of sailing, it could no longer fake.
Ardour could only go so far,
antithetical to talent and holding
ace.
All encouraged in good grace,
Almost there. They prevaricate, clearly did not
anticipate.
A few had a slice of the honest cake, un-
aware of how they caused an
ache.
'Aye! What absurd thoughts, mate.'
Annoyed by the voice inside create,
as the pirate couldn't tell.
A message from garden or well,
are solid facts or silly doubts?
Aquivering, he supined on deck.
Anxious, desperately he seeks for his
answer. Impatiently he awaits for his
anchor.
Drinks at the White Horse,
a round of alcohol
painting my throat red
and my words black;
I even spat some out
on the sidewalk,
watched them trickle
in a river
of nonsensical sentences
down the drain.
This pain - temporary
like the night,
bruises I invented
in a flurry of fury,
plum seahorse shapes
coil around the backs
of my legs,
join the dots,
one dollop next to another.
Ill say I was attacked
by a motley clan of kids
who couldnt even smoke
cigarettes correctly.
<em>Oh these? Just a scuffle
from three Thursdays back,
I see the Giants lost again
what do you think about that?</em>
Streets,
a swarm of phlegmy students
pouring out a hive of bars,
hacking into handkerchiefs
like broken motors.
Perry Street passes by
in a red-brick blur
and I think I stick
a few fingers up
when a cab shouts
a foreign word at me.
Some wizard
on Waverly Place
sucks a girls face
so I snort, maybe giggle
a little at how lust
in Winter
is a myth to me.
Earlier in the cinema
I managed forty minutes
before sleep hit me,
no idea if the clichd ending
came around
but the darkness was nice,
first hug in ages.
My MTV tells me nothing
I didnt know before -
I live in my fridge
and the bins far too full.
The girl at twenty-sevens
drawn the drapes,
doesnt know I saw
her husband drop coffee
when the waitress
leant over to swipe clean
a table at Joes,
a lime-green bra
or perhaps it was blue,
it was thir- four-
fifteen hours ago?
Shes barely left college
and Id bet my last four dollars
his sons pushing
for Ivy League
(probably Cornell).
I fall under the arch,
groan as if Ive received
a Christmas present
I already own,
feel a tinge of beer
fuzz on my tongue.
Strangers look at me
and know Im not
no undergraduate guy.
A Labrador
skips past.
I salvage my phone
from the shipwreck
in my pocket,
dial her number,
let it ring
and cant be bothered
with it all again.
no demonstrations have been given, and we are falling through the flat lines. A comfort drive through overcast alleyways. complaints of brightened days and open shades. this pipe dream has carried us this far, and i am running faster than our imaginations. this has always been a set-up. a display. i bite my tongue for fear of flying. we hold hands because we're cold. these sentences don't form paragraphs. empty shells encased in gold. desperate vengeance against our bitter halves, assumptions of a frame of mind. Bodies trembling; lack of stimulation erasing those traces we left on that cold night....these cold nights now only taste bitter. From a solid to a liquid we've quickened our reaction time, with time to spare we are trading in spare parts, combined, we've aligned our shipwrecks. We face the south - we are the pessimistic creatures. We are the absent souls. traced bone structures and phantom feelings; genetic make up of uncompleted human beings. Puzzle pieces shaved with razor blades...we make them fit. we take what we want. inhaling expired fumes//exhaling narcissistic volumes. rise! we are everything in this world! we are a mess! Brakes don't exist, and the camera filter is permanently black and white. Jeans too tight, dreams too small. staring at the sunrise through lace and hearing the waves through a myriad of whispers. i am not accountable for my actions. i believe in nothing more and nothing less than gravity. scar tissue ties our binds, ribs entwined, born to die.
i have been habitually harboring my feelings
like an emotional pirate, storing my heart's hardware
protecting it from the scorch of sun rays, my chests against threats of rust
each ship a chasm of sea-sick, wayward memories that i must
keep safe
i sail the waters and dock the vessel in my own private bay,
far, far away -- uncharted waters. that's the most i will say.
then i hop to the next, neglecting to unload the former.
heaping chests of mine, glistening gems of a find....
they stay there, then i am...where?
i am a greedy, negligent pirate;
promising to be back and give my lonely pearls a place on the shore
then bolting to my next nearest ship because my quest is, well,unsure
most of my treasure, hunted and beaming,
desperate to be gazed upon
that comes from sitting in the dark too long.
i saw my very first diamond to revert back to coal;
there was no way to shine, and quite frankly
not enough pressure. no goal.
and then the occasional skeleton of
whichever soul decided (kindly) to play guardian
to the glimmer and gleam of my nostalgic, pristine
yet fucked up way to blow off some steam.
i do not let the guts of my love see daylight
i cannot let the world wear the veins of my blood money,
resting on their oblivious clavicles without the narrative, honey.
not until the ports are full, stacked, racked, labeled, categorized;
carefully prepared for a lifetime of timelessness
not a timeline of lifelessness
which is now what this is
i count down the days in my tummy-turned sleep
to when i find a new pleasure, other than
collecting treasure, and just leaving it in piles and heaps.
i watch her dance
sweet joy fresh upon the brow
like tiny beads of sweat that fall
and softly kiss the ground
when i am low
i crawl into her cocoon
and a tired pirate
will finally sleep
only to awake
to the tendrils of touch
creeping like vines
across weathered flesh
a trickle sensation
giving life, and taking it away
in lieu of sadness jest.
Your beauty doesn't compare with the women, but with the sky
And when you smile,
As Nizar Qabbani* I know the difference between you and the sky :
"When you laugh, my love, i forget about the sky"
I look to a woman, the night gets jealous of her hair's blackness
And the day gets jealous of the prettiness on her face
I see her shining like a pearl...
All the seas come over her
And I as a sailor
As a pirate
As a Boat
As a fish
As an octopus
As a mermaid...
Swim in your eyes without decision !
Night fell
And we witnessed the brilliance of man's folly,
Every note falling in deciduous perfection;
Even prayers can be lost.
The stars flashed on,
The sun was nowhere to be found, and
And the moon belched like a drunken pirate,
Bending the trees and sending their leaves
Skyward, off to wherever they go.
There was a whisper
Between the blades of grass
We laid on.
There was a worry
Clouding over you
That told me there
Was to be more.
Candy cane fragrance
With a dash of cinnamon salt.
Grinning through the darkness,
We touched palms like children,
Caught in that blue jay dance.
Morning came like mist over a hill.
Our eyes fluttered open and close.
She rose first, then I rose with her.
We met by the window and looked down on the street,
Both of us feeling the fleeting of a feeling.
Secondary rituals over coffee and pastries.
The sun came through that caf window like a shotgun blast.
And when she paid and left,
A kiss on the cheek for cordiality,
She dropped a note that read "<em>Until next time</em>."
When you don't see another for some time,
You wonder what they came to be.
A periwinkle whore of 5 cents a pound,
Or a river lady loon that sang without a sound?
The maze has many turns, until you reach the end.
Those monsters
Under your bed,
Their color's shining
Ox blood purple and red.
They told me your name.
They scribbled your address.
They want what you have.
They're wondering why your'e so stressed.
When she came by the place again,
I wasn't home, so she dropped me another note.
This one had only one word:
<em>HI</em>
I can't lie.
I was quite
Surprised.
I thought she
Would have
Less to say.
Two days past.
A knock on my door.
Moon light's middle finger
Stretched into my
Living room window.
My couch held her like an egg in a carton.
Toad colored hat latched around her head.
Hair covering her eyes, her mouth, her broken nose.
She wore orange flip flops, wiggling her toes.
A zit planted in the middle of her forehead like white rose.
She asked why I hadn't called her.
I told her that I didn't have a number.
She talked about her soon to be dead father.
I sat down to listen, thinking of my forgotten brother.
We talked with a space between us for a long time.
When she began to cry, she came to me,
Like a bee to a flower or a fly to fresh shit.
I felt her hand on my chest and her breath in my left ear;
There's no guilt like the wicked
And there's no faith like the religious kind.
Hand in a hold.
Love is a recyclable mold.
The tattered priest protects the walls
Of his splintered sanctuary.
Every dream had
Is another man's
Discarded memory.
Oh my sins, my sins,
Where should I begin?
When you're born to lose,
There's no thought to win.
6 months past
And still, she came.
Our love for one another
Was a knot
I couldn't untie.
A year past
And the stars and the moon
Were a cure that
Blanketed our child, our family.
Living our days out,
Mixing poison and penalty,
Running from a life
That showed any shred of reality.
Buried side by side
Underneath a bent orange tree,
I died one day,
She dying the other.
We use the leaves of Fall
For cover,
And the blossoming buds of Spring
For something
To reach for.
When I say the maze is long
And that the hours are heavy,
I meant not for your blankets to fall cold
Or for your room to awash with darkness.
She came to me that day,
Just like someone will come for you.
And I had no choice,
But to attune.
I think that you and I have always met.
Wherever there's a world big enough for two people to get lost.
And wherever the lost lay their heads down too low to see.
Right when we both get tired of the pain filling the lamps in our eyes.
But right before the bags start blowing in the wind
or the dust dances in the corners,
Or the blade hits bone.
I think that I always hear you first.
And your voice is a bagpipe war cry.
And the hand on the top of my head is removed all at once.
And I break the plane of the ice water fast.
And as we rise we lock eyes.
And we smile.
And our smiles explode open to syphon as much life as we can inside.
And we pour our pain into each others lamps.
And our lips will light the wicks.
And we dive back down.
And this time we choose the floor.
The coral bouquets.
The hotbeds.
The shipwrecks.
We are the bright lights moving in the dark now.
We are the ones we were afraid of.
And we are not together.
But we don't get lost so easy anymore.
She started so young
a flower
an angel
a mermaid
whatever she wanted to be
She cast charms
became a princess
rode a unicorn
had the perfect dresses
she saw what she wanted to see
He grew up the same way
a pirate
a warrior
a hero
the person he wanted to be
he slayed dragons
became a knight
ruled the kingdom
won a fight
He saw what he wanted to see
But then they grew older
the girl and the boy
and small things began to change.
There were no more kings
no more dragons and magical things
no more dreams that were yet to come true
No more brave and heroic knights
no more princesses ready to take flight
no more times that were sparkly and new
Because we all grow up
that's what's meant to be
and we all lead perfection away
The kids all learn
and sometimes yearn
to grow older and start a new day
But what we forget to do
when we think things through
is to ponder about what we used to be
When we were free
no responsibility
and happy endings were key
What is giving? In a relationship sense, giving goes beyond basic human consideration or being a good roommate. Beyond taking someone else's plate when they've finished dinner, or hanging up his or her jackets when they've dropped it on the floor. It's sharing thoughts, and feelings, and being genuinely interested in hearing another's. It's surprising someone with a key lime pie. Or finally going to the stupid guy movie because, though not a fan of guy movies, his company will be more enjoyable than the movie will be unenjoyable. Giving is, even though you don't really want to go for a walk down to the park, it will make her happy. Giving is putting another's happiness before your own, because causing them joy brings you joy. Just as causing them pain brings you pain. Giving is also being grateful, and acknowledging, when someone has done a household chore you weren't looking forward to doing. And saying thank you every single time someone drops you off for work, every day. Giving is finding a safer spot for your significant other's prized possessions -- antique works of Shakespeare, or reptiles. It's having someone's clothes packed for an emergency trip before they can even ask. Giving is a dozen attempts to hang the TV properly. Giving is being willing to run around Disney with her and her crazy sister, 21 and 15 respectively, for a princess and pirate party. Giving is sitting on the trunk of your car at 2:30 in the morning cause you read she was crying on her kitchen floor with no where to sleep, debating on telling her you're outside if she wants to talk (albeit a little stalkerish). Giving is trying melatonin, with little hope of it working, cause you know she loves you and worries about Tylenol PM. Giving is nagging her (them) to go to bed after she's (they've) fallen asleep on the couch, to the point of frustration, but you just want her (them) to be more comfortable in the bed. It's also knowing that being asleep on the couch, near you, is sometimes more important than being in the comfy bed, away from you. Giving is the harder stuff too, taking is too easy. Giving is sometimes realizing that yes, you do need to stew for a bit. But anything more than an hour is detrimental to fixing the problem. And sometimes you also need to yell (10 minutes, TOPS). Then you act like an adult and deal with it. Sometimes giving is telling yourself you're overreacting, to take a deep breath, and go get a kiss instead of continuing to stew. And sometimes it's swallowing the lump in your throat and saying, "I'm struggling." Or "this has been bothering me," or "I'm sorry." Giving is also adding to "I'm sorry," "this is how I'll try to be better." Giving is accepting certain things, or people, for what or who they are. Giving is indeed standing strong and saying, "you picked me, this is who I am," because no one can change you, but realizing that some suggestions of change are for the better. Giving may also mean coming to the end of your nagging and saying, "that change will come when he/she is ready to," making it that much sweeter. Giving is not "I'm going to do what I want, when I want." Giving is realizing someone is depending on you, or thinking about you, or holding dinner for you. Giving is knowing that someone just needs to see your face to feel better, so you put on the sweetest, most comforting, most supportive expression for when they do. Giving is sharing your plans, for 10 years from now, for next summer, and for this evening. And to speak about those plans in an inclusive manner, like you can see that person there with you.
ONCE UPON A TIME, mens style in Los Angeles was laughable. Think loud, logo-driven and larded-up with more skulls than a pirate cruise. Remember the jeans with back-pocket stitching visible from a block away? What about the faux-vintage concert T-shirts? The flaming eyeball Von Dutch trucker caps? Im sure Ashton Kutcher wishes he could forget.
But the cheesy L.A. of the mid-aughtswhen paparazzi swarmed West Hollywood store Kitson and Mr. Kutcher hosted Punk'dis a thing of the past. Kitson will close its doors forever this week, Mr. Kutcher is now a budding tech mogul and the citys fashion scene is associated less with Ed Hardy and more with Saint Laurent creative director Hedi Slimane, who maintains his design studio in L.A. instead of at the brands Paris headquarters. In fact, Mr. Slimane recently announced he will show his fall 2016 mens collection (and part of the womens range) at the Hollywood Palladium on February 10instead of in the French capital.
Is that enough to position Los Angeles as a style capitalstrong enough to contend with Paris or London? A confluence of factors has given that idea momentum. Factor one: L.A. is attracting creative talent in design and retail thanks to relatively affordable real estate and low operating costs. Factor two: As high-end menswear has moved away from formality, a creative casual wardrobe has become more vital than a suit and tie to the working lives of many men all over the country. Not seeming so far-fetched anymore, is it?
Certainly, a number of stylish and influential guys have embraced the notion. For a long time, Manhattan was the epicenter of all creative thought, but now I feel like thats changed, said Josh Peskowitz, the former mens fashion director of Bloomingdales, who settled on L.A. for his first independent retail venture, a 1,500-square-foot mens specialty store called Magasin, opening Feb. 20.
Mr. Peskowitz said hes seen the city evolve beyond a metropolis driven by one or two industries: Entertainment and music are still important, but now theres also tech, art, clothing design and all the creative services that go along with Silicon Beach.
And hes hoping to outfit a good portion of that population in a refined but casual wardrobe of unstructured seersucker Camoshita suits, garment-dyed polos fromMassimo Alba, cashmere T-shirts from Naadam and handmade slipper-like leather shoes by Feit. Its for people who need to look like they are put-together and mean business but dont want to wear a coat and tie, he said of his stores offerings. Its clothing that expresses personality but is still business- adjacent. Theres a big market for that.
Even men who still wear a suit to work every day can benefit in their off-duty hours from the well-executed fare, elevated via fit and fabric, that L.A.-based labels such as Greg Lauren, Apolis, Aether and John Elliott sell in the city, in stores worldwide and on e-commerce sites.
read more:www.marieaustralia.com/formal-dresses-perth
www.marieaustralia.com/short-formal-dresses
The blue eagle and the demon of the steppes
in the last cab in Berlin
Legitimate defence
of lost souls
the red mill at the beggars' school
awaits the poor student
With the housemaid Know huntsmen how to hunt on pay-day
Know huntsmen how to hunt
as papa speculates
with the smile
By the dagger the dagger the dagger
the tiger of the seas dreams of happiness
Avenged
The vestal virgin of the Ganges cries out Vanity
when the flesh succumbs
Stop look and listen
the famous turkey spends a day of pleasure
turning round in an enchanted circle
with the pluck of a lion
M'sieur the major
My Paris
my uncle from America
my heart and my legs
slaves of beauty
admire the conquests of Nora
while someone asks for a typewriter
for the black pirate
It is not possible
that a woman dressed as the Merry Widow
could become the wind's prey
because the millionairess Madame Sans-Gene
leads a wild existence
in another's skin
Her son was right
Patrol-leader 129 who wears an Italian straw-hat
and is the ace of jockeys
is abandoning a little adventuress
for a woman
It is the April-Moon which chases the buffalo
to Notre-Dame of Paris
Oh what a bore the indomitable man
with clear eyes
wishes to judge him by the law of the desert
but the lovers with children's souls have gone away
Ah what a lovely voyage
- See more at: http://allpoetry.com/The-Staircase-With-A-Hundred-Steps#sthash.Ty7mN87W.dpuf
Well I took my money to the bank
So I could start to get to living right
But the bank was stolen and Mr. Molten
Was shot dead, so where should I begin?
Never knew my father nor my mother either
Old grandpa died on the bed a true believer
I don't blame the world for my problems
No I don't blame anyone for the troubles I got
Expect for God and these holy socks
When the river dried up because of the rain
I took another job to try and get me sane
Well I burned the place down and
My favorite boss Ross
Got me aressted for drinking all his gin
"A screamer and a holler he was."
The man in black said
"To bleed is to be human."
As he coughed up old lunch flem
Well I walked with Jesus through a sand storm
He didn't say much as he chewed on some corn
The others started crying as their shoes kept untying
I kept quiet for I knew the man wasn't lying
I ain't no believer any longer
All these books have took its toll
But I know when the gospel singers sing
There is only one kind of metal that
Makes those kinds of bells ring
Down in the forest the toads go croak
Kings built their castles with a round about mote
I always laughed when I heard
About something crazy like that
But in those holes there are only two things
Dirt for the worms that wriggle and squirm
And dead air for the dead
That rather would be alive instead
And when I mix my roses
For the one I know I love
It smells as sweet as can be
Just like a gun and its snub
And when I started falling for you
There was only one call then my cue
I took off my coat and
I hung up my hat and knew
As soon as I'd gotten there that
This place is where I'd be at
An introduction to the green open valleys
And leaves that hang like pirates in the galleys
Penny tossers with their high classed arcades
And all those card players
Playing with their hand full of queen spades
If you hear the bell with the yell
Will you tell me so?
Because my hell ain't your gel,
Unless you gotta' go?
But if you don't and aren't burnt,
Let me know so the show
Won't be ruined for the rest of the crowd
In this night we are all on our last thread
The beads of sweat trickle
Like a puzzle that can't be said or read
And the man who doth solve
All the riddles of the world
Is left only with a curse
That can not be shook
Only to be read about
In an ancient library book
THE TALK OF THE TUDOR WORLD
It is the talk of
the Tudor World.
But- the Hello Magazine
Time Machine
has managed to gatecrash
the "Princelye Pleasures
of the Queens
Majesty
and her Sommery
Progress."
It is the July
of 1575.
Trump wanted to go
but we said: "NO!"
He's messed up our Future
don't want him to mess up this Past.
Took a hairy Irish
poet instead.
So here we be
at Killing Worth Castle
Warwick Sheer, where
"All loves meet...
...to create one soul!"
as Mr. Decker has it.
Leicester and Eliza
dance the Volta
with lewd look
in eye.
The paparazzi
wet themselves!
The Queen deports
her self "in full sight!"
The famous fountain
spurting with "such vehemency!"
as to "moysten"
we time travellers
"...from top to toe!"
Already our passions
enflamed by carved erotica.
Such "rich and hard
white Marbl."
Oh that naughty Ovid
and his wicked tales.
The great fireworks
reflected in Eliza's eye.
Her Majesty skips
and dances high.
Leicester's hand
beneath her bust
takes her and turns her
with the lifting thrust
of his mighty thigh
against the Virgin's Royal backside.
Well...we never!
"Oh!" and ". . .ooooh!"
the Queen cries.
Sweet sweat trickles
through her make-up.
Three weeks of wooing
a Queen's hand
although it is rumoured he has
hadmuch more than that!
The wondrous artificial lake
mirrors the falling sky.
Scotland and Ireland
are in uproar.
Eliza's"pirates"
attacking Spanish silver convoys.
Her procrastinating over Mary's fate
her famous "answerless answers."
Screams from the Tower.
Another turn of the rack.
Time to be gone
methinks!
Set the controls
for 2001.
The snow fell a little late
we're both primates
let's get a little warmer while we jirate
at this rate, I'm a pirate
plundering a briney wet shipwreck
paycheck
set it on fire
the doctor gos next
cold again legs up, you know best
but god you're so gorgeous
we're at it again
doc walks in
gives a look like
"well now i know what brought you in"
count back from ten
it goes in,
the needle
not my friend.
well it might have been
count back from ten
3
2
thoughts storm in, it's bran
oatmeal
pop a pill again
you pop the pill again
I pop the pill again
You stop bleedin
I stop bleedin'
we stop feedin' our clocks
silence the tick tock
with rocks
I start bleedin'
you start bleedin'
we see him again
When I looked into your eyes those beautiful storms that when you blinked could blow me away but now
there was no breeze to lift the ships of love forward
But instead a sunken ship
And another eye looking out for the next boat to wreak
I hope when you
W o n d e r  a w a y
Into the night thoughts,
You realize what you're looking for.
And when you
F l y
To catch the stars, I hope you stare into their light mesmerized.
And remember every kiss that was
Placed upon your soul.
And when you
S w i m  d e e p
Into the sea, I hope you find the meaning
Of the light at the bottom of a shipwreck.
And when you
S o a r  h i g h
Into the sky, watching the dying sunset.
And see the brightest light,
I hope you
T h i n k  o f  m e.
A baby sea turtle in my hands:
the outer islanders call him Wol,
he will be a nomad, if anyone will.
What will the world look like to him?
Will he dream of killer whales,
those Swiss Cake Rolls of the sea?
Of winning the three hearts
of an octopus?
See what the turtle sees,
and rejoice.
The sea turtle, like the human, cries saltwater
and the tears cover two-thirds of the earth.
He risks pirate ship, cigarette boat, Chinese net.
He mistakes bait for food. (Who doesnt?)
But he can swim away from; swim towards:
India, Mombasa, New Zealand, Ulithi.
The world's a turtles home,
why is anyone a nomad if not for this?
See what the turtle sees
and rejoice, carrying only
the markings on your shell.
A jungle.
A shack.
Half a moon.
Islands sprinkled like tiny green beads
across the Water of the Sky.
A first tattooseven little turtles--
and it hurts in a good way
like the world does.
Dear Creator
keep me from evil
keep my life
keep my going out and my coming in
I stand
Yet I am broken
Like a chipped tea glass
Constantly filling with doubt
Sometimes overflowing or spilling.
The timeless waves of tea and coffee splash upon and over
Shores on the edge of a glass.
Sugary sand mixed with sweet sorrow and honey do reflect the moment.
The dark water solution became salty and dry nit because of the blood but because of the tears.
The blood instead stained the treasure hidden within. That happy feeling on a sunny day. Until a rain storm whisks the good away. Shadows of doubt and feelings of pain, all that emerged from the ocean rain.
All throughout the years you've dealt with pirates and privateers. They stole your liquid gold and burned what was left behind sinking your ship in the water.
A graveyard as its now occured today. Dead float in the drink until bloating at the bottom they'll lay.
A sugary melting acid in a strong bitter mug.
As dark and warm as death. Yet as comforting and soothing as life.
Until the cup is refilled and replenished it shall remain empty and barren like the calm watching sea.
Arriving upon an instant will the dawn return, placidly hoping for the time its poured out again. Steaming and hissing, bubbling in the containing item.
Waiting for that moment it has chance to wave again.
Although you wont notice as it is just a second in a normal sunny day, telling its story untold and unheard in a miscommuning world. A sad world to live in.
See I knew it
I'd read the score
When she looked back
My love's amore
When she looked back
My heart fell out
One love one way
There is no doubt
I should have listened
Learned the rules
Played the pirate
Played the fool
But like a fish in the ocean
I'd never learn
The baited hook
The wriggly worm
See it was the eyes
That won me over
A grey of green resist
Did send a shiver to my heart
The falling of the cliff
Oh how I wish that she would stop
Please please come back this way
Don't look round and walk the walk
I love you babe please stay
3 weeks have passed
My heart still waits her
Wishing for the key to lock
I think she's gone
I think she's left me
Shipwrecked in the land forgot
Will I listen
Will I learn
I doubt my feelings
I doubtmy heart
For all that we do take on board
Won't educate this broken heart
the once tumultuous tides
raging beneath my fallacies and flesh,
calm
as a new Moon
sets over skeletons and shipwrecks,
to pull me towards its light
I saw all the stars in the sky last night
As I was tenderly rocked to my sleep
I sat waiting until the morning's light
While many men slumbered under my keep
I am faster than any man who lives
I speak to the water, my mighty lord
All with me hear the whispers the wind gives
I have harbored gold, net, pirate, and sword
Many have sought adventure and found me
All my enemies see me as a threat
I am the sovereign of storm and sea
Have you found out who, or what, I am yet?
Into, out of, and through the waves I dip
I am the master of all seas, the ship
it's scary what people want to hear,
i feel, nothing at all, to be honest,
whenever i think of fame
i feel all famous people speaking the words:
don't become even by our standards moderates...
<em>szlafrok</em>: bathrobe -
<em>szuja</em>: lizard-like-homeless person -
then again chattering ratty too -
does that mean: if i write i'll
get a penny for a structure where a brick is
worth just as much to the letter, the word
or the line or the paragraph?
<em>cukier</em>: sugar...
for every brick i'll get a penny's worth?
writing discourages you from dreaming...
only the most adapted
who get encouraged by
advertisement and who fake writing will ever get
the technicolour coat of Joseph...
writing erodes your perspective of dreams,
it actually censors your ability to do so...
i hear them, make novels from their body-language...
and get an itch... nothing finicky... just
barring without baritone...
poet's alphabet st. - barring without baritone...
antinomy of anecdote... false impression memorisation,
nothing rubric bound nothing alphabetical,
nothing Pythagorean...
antinomy... and there was me thinking of
<em>antimony</em>...there's no cascade of the sound
encoding of <em>b</em> or of <em>a</em>...
there's the alphabet... and then there's
the dictionary... na na mmm, ma ma nun..
so cool with it, fit-bit....
or should i claim you a toyo-bot?
a fucking Hamleys' jack-in-the-box
chuckles?
either way... it's all a strategic caca -
or a macaque - or m-c-q!
herald the surgeon!
grave a in the first syllable?
a delay... let's term yhwh as surd invocations -
m! (and yes, exclamation marks
are part of the necessary progress -
unless you'd prefer anti-German anti-compound
allocation of a word to be turned into syllable mince...)
m! alternatively that's non-ambiguous -
what's ambiguous is the second syllable...
m!... c! mc!it's almost like holding-off
ejaculation...mc!
and then there's the q!or for optical reasons
as well as for reasons for the priestly monopoly
written as macaque - my-khaki-haka...
(haka is a dance in rugby by the new zealanders,
and khaki is diarrhea brown, diluted brown) -
it's almost Spanish in a sense, huh?!
well, because it's not exactly queue -
or: que(h)? i.e. qweh?
well yes, it's a monkey, a tiny little bonsai
of a gorilla... cute... funny... loves tea-bags
and sugar... great company on a hot Kenyan night,
gets pestered with slingshots by the courtesan
"bodyguards" of a tourist hanky-panky free whiskey...
the time those kenyan entertainer girls
came up to me i sorta wished to play the
white-guy-rape-history-joke...
stood my ground, went to sleep on one of the lounge
chairs one night... could have been stolen by pirates...
and i kinda wished it, but it didn't happen...
still, the application of diacritical marks to
define syllables... the grave mark above vowels is
a bit like "holding back"...
for some reason i first wrote <em>m-c-q</em>...
but i realised... the avalanche only comes with
the acute marking above <em>eh</em>!....
grave markings means restriction, a holding back...
and by this i mean that when the acute stress is
added, no number of optically adequate spellings
can erase it...
in this case q for what's encoded as -que -
and still the four surds appear whether invited or
uninvited - softened laugh, eh? as in the asphyxiating
form of breathing, and then relaxed: ha ha ha ha!
then again, i'm wrong,
they call them macaque: ma-ca-qac....
so as a good revisionist does:
grave and acute without a macron:
m-c-qc - ma-cac-cac - not ma... ca-que!
macaque!Fawlty Towers and Mnul...
<em>i know... nothing</em> - hairspray romance,
and a horse called dragonfly...
macaqu! ol!
mcqu -
for the love of u - or parabola...
truth be told? i'll never know!
why? because no one taught us the rules of how
or when to apply such demands!
let alone semicolons or commas...
macaque - barbarism sentenced to:
ma caqak
or simply my kayak...
fuck me... it's still a monkey whether you like it or
not taking a shit and calling that chocy part of
its inverted intestines' toad-stool.
let's just call it a mcq monkey... because
the -ue suffix is just getting unbearable, like
an umbrella unfolded in one's anus -
and applying diacritics to a suffix of pure-vowels
is beyond missing an orgasm, and making
rationale (the part where you miss stating an ol -
the part where rational is elongated into <em>rationl</em>
or the non-diacritical addition of -e)....
and then they worried why people never punctuated
correctly... maybe because people never applied
diacritical marks that they went beyond,
and didn't punctuate correctly?
humpty-dumpty hmm hmm:
eggs St. Benedict's, and a falafel Sunday!
me? trying to invoke a vocab that transcends
the homoerotic cool, however condescending i can be,
without trying or eating rye bread to boot,
and then wear a balaclava calling it a Gucci neckwear,
drinking rather than throwing Molotovs.
if grief is a long dark table that calls for you to come to it alone, then forgiveness is a shipwreck that isolates you with nothing more than broken wood and half torn mast. forgiveness is a long bus ride that stops every while for passengers, but never seems to stop for you. its when you are the demon within yourself, refusing to let go of your own bleeding heart and yet aching with a desire for love and acceptance.
if grief is a long dark table that calls for you to come to it alone, forgiveness is a painfully bright surgery table that only you can operate for yourself.
He wore green and crowed where he went when he was happy.
He could fly through the air by thinking lovely, wonderful thoughts.
He loved to play and have fun with Wendy, Michael, and John.
He was the captain of Neverland, the home of him and the lost boys.
He went from being enemies to one with Tiger Lily and her tribe.
He was swore off and fought with pirates to save the boys and Wendy.
He fought with Captain Hook and cut off his hand, feed it.
He feed it to a crocodile that ticks and follows Captain wherever he goes.
He loves his fairy Tinkerbell and will do anything for her.
He had children clap their hands to save her when she drank the poison.
He said that Tinkerbell did that to save him from Hook.
He was rather forgetful and really hated having to say goodbye to others.
He also didn't like to be hugged or touched by people.
He said this was because he has never been touched and is used to that.
He also has a strong love for his very own shadow.
He loses it at the Darling Nursery and goes back at night to get it.
He tries to stick it on with a bar of soap many times.
He then gets upset and Wendy wakes up, she asks him why he's crying.
He denies doing so and says that he wasn't.
He meets Wendy and tells her about he lives, second to the right and straight on till morning.
He then says that he doesn't have a mother.
He then rolls his eyes when Wendy thinks that, that was why he cried.
He then has to say again that he wasn't crying.
He tells her that his shadow has come off and it won't stick to him.
He then lets her sow it on for him to have again.
He then takes the credit for it and sings for Wendy to say why he's happy.
He takes her and her brothers to Neverland.
He then has to send them home when they all start to get very home sick.
He comes back for spring cleaning years later.
He returns to learn that there is a new child and that it belongs to Wendy.
He is shocked and upset because she grew.
He shakes his head when she tells him and says, "But you promised not to."
He then shakes his head and says, "No."
He does this when Wendy starts to explain to him why she grew at home.
He then starts to get very upset with this.
He asks her in a very recent version what Jane calls Wendy every day.
He sits when Wendy says, "Mother."
He starts to cry and says that it's not alright, meaning she shouldn't have.
He then wakes up Jane from her sleep.
He looks at her when she asks, "Boy, why are you crying?" and denies it.
He tells her, as he told Wendy, that he's not.
He then gets shocked when Jane knows him and he asks her why she does.
He then starts to smile as she explains.
He asks her if she knows any stories, when she asks to learn how to fly.
He then nods when she says, "Lots."
He then asks her if she will tuck him in at night and mend his pockets.
He wants to know if she will be his mother.
He smiles when she says, "Oh yes, Peter, take me with you!" as she stands.
He nods and says, "Very well."
He then tells her what he told Wendy as he sprinkles the fairy dust on her.
He then sings about Neverland again.
He takes Jane's hand and the two of them fly through the window together.
He's a very sweet and gentle British boy.
He never wants to grow up and stays on Neverland in order not to do that.
He doesn't approve of mothers at all.
He says this because he once went home and saw that his had a new child.
He felt as if she had forgotten him.
He rejects Wendy's offer to come with her because of that very reason.
He also knew he would grow up.
He had a big heart and went through so much with Wendy and the boys.
He tells the story of being a child.
His story is about the child in all of us who loves to play and have fun.
He will always be around here.
He will be here and remain in our hearts for the rest of all our lives.
somewhere, in the gold echoing fields
the wind turns through wheat, removes its hat and bows
the barking, howling speech
dares the moon to lower its neck
'hum a tune, then lose your head'
oh the peaceful inches of the evening
where the sun and moon meet
like gentlemen dueling on Swiss Street
who will not return, cracked like autumn leafs
and twigs you walked over
in the middle, where its still
your eyes open while mine spill
you gulp, choke, but swallow
this is my sadness
brushed on me, i am bruised like a canvas
a child in a suit posing as Mikls
but not as handsome, and still not as verbose
and when my vessel shipwrecks on the shallows of the eastern coast
will you pick me out like a chrysanthemum among the dead?
will your lungs burst in silence when you check my pulse,
then my pocket?
Todd Totally Toad
Finger Smell McGee
E-I-E-I Fuck You
Captain Sally Potato
Blackhole Sound Bitch
The Glass Candy Imagination Man
Dew Snot
One-Eyed Duce Leg of the Cement Dimension
The Guy Who Makes Sailors, Pirates and Fisherprice men shake their Buoy.
The Saccharine Snake of Compatibility
Yeti Jenny Vagina
Johnny Loch Ness Poop Deck.
Chicken Bitch McGillicutty
Blanket Face
Rev. 3D Trigonometry

The Little Pistachio Fart.
The Killer Doll That Only Exists in My Alternate Universe's Self's Imagination.
You inspire me
Not in the cliche way
The girl with the troubled past
Inspires the artist boy with the tattoo
And they fall in love
Just like in all the movies
I find myself writing about you
When I sit down at my desk
To do homework
Or poetry
Or sing
And I know we only have
A certain amount of time together
(You will graduate soon
and my mother won't let me see you
and my emails will go to the wrong address
and my calls will go to your brother
instead of you)
And that time
Seems to be slipping away from us
As 15 turns to 16
And as smoke turns to vapor
But I am determined
To capture every moment we have together
Photographs, sharpie stains, swapped clothes
Until they all run away from us
Down the 3rd floor hallway
Of building D
In size 7.5 platform shoes
And a white pirate shirt
Like the one on the cover
Of a 90 cent romance novel
I know sometimes
That we aren't good for each other
Like that time I brought you to tears
When we were with Jess
Or that time you let me smoke
And my mom
Almost pulled me out of school
But I really couldn't care less
Because I will take these moments
In their smokey, tear drop depression
And I will keep them
With the rest of the things
That remind me of you
We stared at the ground
because we knew we said too much.
You lit a cigarette
taking drags and burning your lungs.
You said you have to leave.
You had some things to figure out.
"We'd never last the year,
we'd burn ourselves to the ground."
We floated on the raft
wading tides colored dark and blue.
Shipwrecks passed us by
slowly sinking out of view.
We couldn't find a break
in salty horizons all around.
So we kept our lips sewn shut.
If we spoke, we'd surely drown.
there was a time when there were men
||
there was a young girl by the wharf
With her lunch pail from the factory
:::
so many men tell her how much
They want to fuck her
( she is a young girl just like you )
Hungry
|||
The ship'sin the bay
The pirate ship
//
( Johnny Depp is on the prowl )
)(
There ain't nothin wrong with playin games
And mixing up fucking and loving
And cutting yourselves
And scars and real pain
::
It's just stupid and ugly is all
And in the end rather boring
Pirate Flag over Monterey
the young girl
( the same one )
//
She and Me and Johnny Depp
wander together toward the hills
may i always write words more naked than flesh,
more stronger than bone,
more sensitive than nerve.
may i always dip my finger into rivers of ink that will never run dry.
on the days i am not an ocean or a shipwreck,
may i alwaysbecome an anchor.
may i understand that somedays words are a bridge,
and others are the fire that burns them.
that sometimes i write the words,
and that sometimes the words write me.
Am turbulent
I am shipwreck
Andeven when I am underwater I cant give in
So Ihold on with all my emotions
Fortunately, there were five modern toilets having
Lavatory flushing cisterns like those invented by
Sir Harrington in one thousand five hundred ninety-six, being
Built near the kitchen because the air in this room was dry.
This cook-room was constructed in a place where it was deemed safe
To have a cooking fire; it had a good layer of lime
With an air space to insulate the brickwork from the unsafe
Adjacent timber; the brick walls were expensive at that time.
The room had two brick fireplaces and boiling was the method
Of cooking while three coppers with lids were set in the brickwork.
With some funnels passing through the deck head, they were connected
That protected the kitchen and allowed the steam to perk.
Firing on the uproll could mean a shot going into
The rigging; the sailors and the passengers took the pumps
To extinguish this fire, doing all they had to do.
The pumps made of leather were assembled from the dumps.
And coupled every fifty feet with brass fittings; their length
Was about twenty-three meters; this sucking worm engine
Was made by John Lofting in 1690; its strength
Was pumped by a team of men working to relieve the tension.
The fire was small, but it could extend to the cabin cruisers,
Which were nearby; while the men were working hard to escape
The danger, the strange man as one of the fast movers
Deliberately entered the gun room; Cruz saw his shape
Entering and descended the stairs in a hurry
To stop him; he entered the gun room and took a gun.
The stranger turned to Cruz and shut him, but his eyes got blurry,
When the room was suddenly filled with the rays of the sun.
(Cruz shut this man in the face. Both of them fell down. The women were in a boat and Fargo made efforts to bring them to the shore.)
A big wave hit the boat, causing Geraldine to go
Overboard; she fell off the boat into the water.
Fargo jumped in the sea to save her and started to swim below
The water; she screamed for help; the waves rose up to scatter.
She could not remember how she fell; her head and arms
Were barely visible above the waves; Fargo swam
Toward her and brought her aboard, '' you're safe from harms.''
She vomited, ''I want to be far away from where I am.''
Meanwhile, Bella lost her balance, and within a split second,
She fell off the boat and tried in vain to hold onto
Chiara's hands while asking for help, but her fate beckoned
When a giant jellyfish stung her arm on back to fronto.
Chiara saw her treading the water and moving her head,
But lost the sight of her after a few seconds ''She's gone, '
Said Chiara; after saving Geraldine, Fargo said ''she's dead, ''
He turned around the boat, ''Look, that jellyfish is coming on! ''
(Fargo jumped in the sea to rescue Bella. He brought her aboard, but she has been underwater much more than she could resist. His resuscitation efforts were unsuccessful. All along the ragged shore, there were a lot of stones under the water. They got down out of the boat and walked in the water while bringing the boat to shore. Meanwhile, ten pirates, after swimming in the water, climbed on the carrack to kill everyone on the board. Fortunately, they didn't see the boat.)
(To be continued...)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Ah, another year has passed.
2017 was arduous. It was also compelling and inconsistent.
It's the year I turned 21- a turn of life.
I was stuck between two personas- who I was and who I am now.
They kept fighting on who was right.
But who was right always won.
And the loser had to be left behind.
2017 was the year I became a pirate.
A pirate who discovered her treasures. I became wealthy!
I found ideas, answers, self-knowledge, and understanding.
But I also found junk. It terrorized me.
I found sadness, anxiety, doubt, shame, grief and fear.
It drove me mad. Like, really mad.
And I'm still figuring my way out.
2017 also dressed up as someone.
A man in a white coat with a stern face;
Demanding, intimidating, convincing.
A man who kept talking about striving to be finer than I was.
But isn't that what we all want?
To be finer, exquisite, laudable?
We continue to strive to do the unthinkable.
Even if we kind of loose grip on reality.
Even if we have to lie and say awful things.
Even if at the end of the day, we lie down and ask, "Was it worth it?"
2017 allowed me to meet great people.
People who reminded me that I am still young.
That everything I have now will soon change into something else.
That it's okay to bow my head when things get rough.
That God hears all prayers.
That I should embrace my parents in a tight hug and make them feel loved.
That confusion will always find its solution.
That it's okay to cease communication.
That I should appreciate my unique personality.
That kindness will always be the best choice.
That death is inevitable. We will all die.
That you can never have it all.
That respect is earned and not demanded.
That I should occasionally write about how I feel.
That education is life.
That sadness will always end.
That happiness doesn't last.
That life's not fair.
That sometimes it doesn't get better.
That sometimes it does get better.
Skies stretch sparks to light the damp ground
And I watch, chuckling by the lambs
Lapping the waves that smack tastily at their feet
And bring in the harvest for the day.
The sun bows its head
And sea makes its sleep
For it to hide amongst the bubbles
Until the Night claps it awake.
Footprints stretch up the beach made
Of arrowheads and other cobbled things
You're there, you're there
Pulling me to your place.
Warm, shivering houses, of
Wooden overcoats and salty lashings
Made wind by fervent tides
Desperate to huddle in and hear stories
Of your uncle, your father, your brother's ruddy cheeks,
But you have eyes with me
And we lend them together to the fire
To hear of <em>orcs</em>, of <em>brochs</em> and angry kings, far away.
The howling streets meet no one,
And pirates prowl their decks to see
A glimpse of my island girl
As she holds my arm cased in wool
Blond hair crying to the floor.
For I am a story, you see, I know what I have when I have it
And salt, quiet lamp-lit salty living
Make ancient ages while keeping,
The mainland for themselves.
Good thing I have her,
So I can share in what she calls home
So I can lie in the lavender in Summer
And cry with the Winter rain when she's gone.
When I was little,I used to think that
If I climbed a tall ladder I would reach the sky,
as I grewup that ladder seems like a steep cliff .
Here I am still dreaming about .
far away places this morning,
but tonight I shall write the best potential poem about
the ladder, the sky, and the steep cliff.
when I was little, I used to think like a pirate.
Now, I am a poet.
on lonely nights like these,
i stare at the moon
thinking of you
i wonder if
you miss me
the way i miss you
i count the stars
making wishes on them
hoping that you're
still in love
with me
because lately
i've been having doubts
about us
i take a walk
down memory lane
and remind myself
of how perfect
we once were
it was us
against the world
now it's you
versus me
we are supposed
to be in love
right?
is love supposed
to feel like
this?
i feel like
the nights are
getting longer
and the days
are never really bright
my heart aches
and longs for you
i feel like
a shipwreck
of feelings
i'm pacing
back and forth
plucking the
petals off flowers
wondering if
you love me not
please save me
from these lonely nights
if you love me
To watch your chest heave
Up and down and up
And down
Faster as my mouth moves
Silent words and speech
Whispers of
I love
You?
But oh so silent be the lamb that follows
When the leader is waiting on the flock
To watch your chest heave
And heat
Discarded threads of yarn
Typically mistaken for fabric
Fictional
Reality.
Lips and teeth
And bruises.
To watch your chest heave
Red eyes
We're both high
And I'm crying
Fingertips touch
And you reach inside me and pirate my heart
I am but a carbon copy
The flesh you removed from me
Removed me from.
To watch your chest heave
Hurts me.
I hear the gulls, said Janice, they cry above our heads, swoop over the beach and sea, dive off and up and away. We have eaten our fish and chips in the cafe near the beach, we are free to go on the sands and sit or play, but not to go in the sea or get wet, the gospeller One-Eye said, stay near to each other do not wander off. Benedict is with me, we walk the sands, the wind is calm, the sea rushes slow up and down the beach, the tide swishes and shushes. Benedict runs to the edge near the tide, he stares out to sea, hands behind his back, like some ancient seaman of old. I watch him with my staring eyes, my heart pounding lest he fall and drown, imagining his arms waving through high seas. One-Eye the gospeller calls him back, beckons him with a pointed finger. I watch and see, Benedict moves back from the edge, come to my side, his mischievous grin ablaze, his eyes like fires of excitement. He talks of pirates and Jolly Rogers, and tall sails and high seas and walking the plank, his excitement brings his hands to clap. I smile, my heart beats fast, I am near to his side, his hands clap loudly, he laughs at the gulls that cry above. I see a girl on the beach making a sand castle with a piece of wood, her hair moves in the slight wind, her skirt lifts in the wind's hold, she laughs and laughs. A boy chases the gulls that settle on the sands, they lift off making loud cries, he chase them off and away. One-Eye and other gospellers stand in a group watching the children play, one a woman, with dark hair and a blue dress sings some hymn in a loud voice. My grandmother said not to get wet or ruin my shoes or clothes, to do as Im told, eat all my lunch and behave, or she'd tan my hide. Benedict brings me some shells, large and small, colourful and white or grey, he pours them into my palm, they are cold and damp, I sense them there.I move them with a finger, sort them out like a jeweller does pearls. Benedict talks of crabs and dead fish on the sands, and seaweed and sea creatures hanging on for dear life. I put the shells in my bag, I brush off the sand and damp, watch Benedict searching the shore for more. I watch the sea come in, the sound of the tide and shush and swoosh, and the wind getting up, getting stronger, it blows at my face, at my red beret, my hair moves at the edges of my head. The woman in the blue holds down her dress against the wind's pull, the sea's call, the gulls' cry. Benedict comes to my side, his hands holding tight his coat about him, his hair moves in the wind. Rises and up and the quiff jumps in the pull and push of wind. I hold on to Benedicts hand, feel his chilled hand in mine, his voice carried off by the wind's harsh blow. The sea is rough, the waves race and rise, the wind sings a chorus of sounds, gulls call in the wind's flow, swoop and sway and dive and fly away. I hold tight to Benedicts hand, feel his grip hold mine, his fingers wrapped round my hand, his hair a rising mess of dying kings, his voice held by the wind, his legs holding firm on the sand, his feet dug deep in the sand's grit. One-Eye moves us back to the coach, too strong to stay much longer, too dangerous for children to stay behind. We climb on the coach, take our seats, sit down and huddle each in our way, looking out at the sea's swell, the wind's scream. One-Eye and the woman count and call our names, we are all in place, all as we were, hairs in a mess, faces flushed, hands cold. Benedict rubs my hands in his, gets them warm, blows breath on them as he rubs. The coach moves off along the front, we wave at the sea and gulls, at the people left behind, at the man who walks on stilts dressed like a clown, swaying, almost falling down. I watch as the seaside moves away, the sea gone from sight, the gulls swaying overhead, then away over the rough seas. I sense Benedict beside me, his hands rubbing mine to keep them warm, his warm breath warming my fingers' chill. I am eight and a half years old, my grandmother keeps me safe, she keeps me in the lines of right and wrong, tells me to be good or else. Benedict is nearly nine, he lives nearby in some London flats, we are friends of a feather he says, me maid Marian to his Robin Hood, me Annie Oakley to his Wyatt Earp or Billy the Kid. The coach moves homeward away from the seaside town and sea, far from the wild wind and the gulls' cry, the sea's sounds and smell of salt and fish and crabs. Benedict talks of Long John Silver and bottles of rum and dead men's chests, and knives and swords and sea and ships. I listen to his words and dreams and tales, feel him beside me, elbow to elbow, arm to arm, his hands making gestures of swaying ships and pirates' gold and treasures on island far away over seas more wild and rough. I watch him my sailor boy, my pirate with hazel eyes, and brown wild windswept hair, hear his voice talk of tall ships and desert isles and buried treasures, feel his arm next to mine, strong in his boyhood way. He talks of me as a siren of the deep, one who sits on rocks and sings sailors to their doom and laughs, his hand holding mine as we sail our ship on oceans rough and wild, wind in our hair and eyes, we both the seamen and yet at the same time the child.
You made me feel like such a damn child and every attempt I made to hold your hand, you shook off and ignored until it was convenient for you.
Everything was so infantile to you. You had already reached goals I set for myself and you were bored. "Small" was synonymous with my dreams in your book.
Maybe I was naive, but you're rigid attitude towards me has taught me how to shed those jejune fantasies and keep everyone I meet at arms length.
I see no point in these frivolous feelings that used to steer me into shipwrecks. I'm too busy drinking bleach to kill these butterflies to answer your calls.
Slow sinks, more lovely ere his race be run,
Along Moreas hills the setting Sun;
Not, as in northern climes, obscurely bright,
But one unclouded blaze of living light;
Oer the hushed deep the yellow beam he throws,
Gilds the green wave that trembles as it glows;
On old ginas rock and Hydras isle
The God of gladness sheds his parting smile;
Oer his own regions lingering loves to shine,
Though there his altars are no more divine.
Descending fast, the mountain-shadows kiss
Thy glorious Gulf, unconquered Salamis!
Their azure arches through the long expanse,
More deeply purpled, meet his mellowing glance,
And tenderest tints, along their summits driven,
Mark his gay course, and own the hues of Heaven;
Till, darkly shaded from the land and deep,
Behind his Delphian rock he sinks to sleep.
On such an eve his palest beam he cast
When, Athens! here thy Wisest looked his last.
How watched thy better sons his farewell ray,
That closed their murdered Sages latest day!
Not yetnot yetSol pauses on the hill,
The precious hour of parting lingers still;
But sad his light to agonizing eyes,
And dark the mountains once delightful dyes;
Gloom oer the lovely land he seemed to pour,
The land where Phoebus never frowned before;
But ere he sunk below Cithaerons head,
The cup of Woe was quaffedthe Spirit fled;
The soul of Him that scorned to fear or fly,
Who lived and died as none can live or die.
But lo! from high Hymettus to the plain
The Queen of Night asserts her silent reign;
No murky vapour, herald of the storm,
Hides her fair face, or girds her glowing form;
With cornice glimmering as the moonbeams play,
There the white column greets her grateful ray,
And bright around, with quivering beams beset,
Her emblem sparkles oer the Minaret;
The groves of olive scattered dark and wide,
Where meek Cephisus sheds his scanty tide,
The cypress saddening by the sacred mosque,
The gleaming turret of the gay kiosk,
And sad and sombre mid the holy calm,
Near Theseus fane, yon solitary palm;
All, tinged with varied hues, arrest the eye;
And dull were his that passed them heedless by.
Again the gean, heard no more afar,
Lulls his chafed breast from elemental war:
Again his waves in milder tints unfold
Their long expanse of sapphire and of gold,
Mixed with the shades of many a distant isle
That frown, where gentler Ocean deigns to smile.
As thus, within the walls of Pallas fane,
I marked the beauties of the land and main,
Alone, and friendless, on the magic shore,
Whose arts and arms but live in poets lore;
Oft as the matchless dome I turned to scan,
Sacred to Gods, but not secure from Man,
The Past returned, the Present seemed to cease,
And Glory knew no clime beyond her Greece!
Hour rolled along, and Dians orb on high
Had gained the centre of her softest sky;
And yet unwearied still my footsteps trod
Oer the vain shrine of many a vanished God:
But chiefly, Pallas! thine, when Hecates glare
Checked by thy columns, fell more sadly fair
Oer the chill marble, where the startling tread
Thrills the lone heart like echoes from the dead.
Long had I mused, and treasured every trace
The wreck of Greece recorded of her race,
When, lo! a giant-form before me strode,
And Pallas hailed me in her own Abode!
Yes,twas Minervas self; but, ah! how changed,
Since oer the Dardan field in arms she ranged!
Not such as erst, by her divine command,
Her form appeared from Phidias plastic hand:
Gone were the terrors of her awful brow,
Her idle gis bore no Gorgon now;
Her helm was dinted, and the broken lance
Seemed weak and shaftless een to mortal glance;
The Olive Branch, which still she deigned to clasp,
Shrunk from her touch, and withered in her grasp;
And, ah! though still the brightest of the sky,
Celestial tears bedimmed her large blue eye;
Round the rent casque her owlet circled slow,
And mourned his mistress with a shriek of woe!
Mortal!twas thus she spakethat blush of shame
Proclaims thee Briton, once a noble name;
First of the mighty, foremost of the free,
Now honoured less by all, and least by me:
Chief of thy foes shall Pallas still be found.
Seekst thou the cause of loathing!look around.
Lo! here, despite of war and wasting fire,
I saw successive Tyrannies expire;
Scaped from the ravage of the Turk and Goth,
Thy country sends a spoiler worse than both.
Survey this vacant, violated fane;
Recount the relics torn that yet remain:
These Cecrops placed, this Pericles adorned,
That Adrian reared when drooping Science mourned.
What more I owe let Gratitude attest
Know, Alaric and Elgin did the rest.
That all may learn from whence the plunderer came,
The insulted wall sustains his hated name:
For Elgins fame thus grateful Pallas pleads,
Below, his nameabove, behold his deeds!
Be ever hailed with equal honour here
The Gothic monarch and the Pictish peer:
Arms gave the first his right, the last had none,
But basely stole what less barbarians won.
So when the Lion quits his fell repast,
Next prowls the Wolf, the filthy Jackal last:
Flesh, limbs, and blood the former make their own,
The last poor brute securely gnaws the bone.
Yet still the Gods are just, and crimes are crossed:
See here what Elgin won, and what he lost!
Another name with his pollutes my shrine:
Behold where Dians beams disdain to shine!
Some retribution still might Pallas claim,
When Venus half avenged Minervas shame.
She ceased awhile, and thus I dared reply,
To soothe the vengeance kindling in her eye:
Daughter of Jove! in Britains injured name,
A true-born Briton may the deed disclaim.
Frown not on England; England owns him not:
Athena, no! thy plunderer was a Scot.
Askst thou the difference? From fair Phyles towers
Survey Boeotia;Caledonias ours.
And well I know within that bastard land
Hath Wisdoms goddess never held command;
A barren soil, where Natures germs, confined
To stern sterility, can stint the mind;
Whose thistle well betrays the niggard earth,
Emblem of all to whom the Land gives birth;
Each genial influence nurtured to resist;
A land of meanness, sophistry, and mist.
Each breeze from foggy mount and marshy plain
Dilutes with drivel every drizzly brain,
Till, burst at length, each watry head oerflows,
Foul as their soil, and frigid as their snows:
Then thousand schemes of petulance and pride
Despatch her scheming children far and wide;
Some East, some West, someeverywhere but North!
In quest of lawless gain, they issue forth.
And thusaccursed be the day and year!
She sent a Pict to play the felon here.
Yet Caledonia claims some native worth,
As dull Boeotia gave a Pindar birth;
So may her few, the lettered and the brave,
Bound to no clime, and victors of the grave,
Shake off the sordid dust of such a land,
And shine like children of a happier strand;
As once, of yore, in some obnoxious place,
Ten names (if found) had saved a wretched race.
Mortal! the blue-eyed maid resumed, once more
Bear back my mandate to thy native shore.
Though fallen, alas! this vengeance yet is mine,
To turn my counsels far from lands like thine.
Hear then in silence Pallas stern behest;
Hear and believe, for Time will tell the rest.
First on the head of him who did this deed
My curse shall light,on him and all his seed:
Without one spark of intellectual fire,
Be all the sons as senseless as the sire:
If one with wit the parent brood disgrace,
Believe him bastard of a brighter race:
Still with his hireling artists let him prate,
And Follys praise repay for Wisdoms hate;
Long of their Patrons gusto let them tell,
Whose noblest, native gusto isto sell:
To sell, and makemay shame record the day!
The StateReceiver of his pilfered prey.
Meantime, the flattering, feeble dotard, West,
Europes worst dauber, and poor Britains best,
With palsied hand shall turn each model oer,
And own himself an infant of fourscore.
Be all the Bruisers culled from all St. Giles,
That Art and Nature may compare their styles;
While brawny brutes in stupid wonder stare,
And marvel at his Lordships stone shop there.
Round the thronged gate shall sauntering coxcombs creep
To lounge and lucubrate, to prate and peep;
While many a languid maid, with longing sigh,
On giant statues casts the curious eye;
The room with transient glance appears to skim,
Yet marks the mighty back and length of limb;
Mourns oer the difference of now and then;
Exclaims, These Greeks indeed were proper men!
Draws slight comparisons of these with those,
And envies Las all her Attic beaux.
When shall a modern maid have swains like these?
Alas! Sir Harry is no Hercules!
And last of all, amidst the gaping crew,
Some calm spectator, as he takes his view,
In silent indignation mixed with grief,
Admires the plunder, but abhors the thief.
Oh, loathed in life, nor pardoned in the dust,
May Hate pursue his sacrilegious lust!
Linked with the fool that fired the Ephesian dome,
Shall vengeance follow far beyond the tomb,
And Eratostratus and Elgin shine
In many a branding page and burning line;
Alike reserved for aye to stand accursed,
Perchance the second blacker than the first.
So let him stand, through ages yet unborn,
Fixed statue on the pedestal of Scorn;
Though not for him alone revenge shall wait,
But fits thy country for her coming fate:
Hers were the deeds that taught her lawless son
To do what oft Britannias self had done.
Look to the Balticblazing from afar,
Your old Ally yet mourns perfidious war.
Not to such deeds did Pallas lend her aid,
Or break the compact which herself had made;
Far from such counsels, from the faithless field
She fledbut left behind her Gorgon shield;
A fatal gift that turned your friends to stone,
And left lost Albion hated and alone.
Look to the East, where Ganges swarthy race
Shall shake your tyrant empire to its base;
Lo! there Rebellion rears her ghastly head,
And glares the Nemesis of native dead;
Till Indus rolls a deep purpureal flood,
And claims his long arrear of northern blood.
So may ye perish!Pallas, when she gave
Your free-born rights, forbade ye to enslave.
Look on your Spain!she clasps the hand she hates,
But boldly clasps, and thrusts you from her gates.
Bear witness, bright Barossa! thou canst tell
Whose were the sons that bravely fought and fell.
But Lusitania, kind and dear ally,
Can spare a few to fight, and sometimes fly.
Oh glorious field! by Famine fiercely won,
The Gaul retires for once, and all is done!
But when did Pallas teach, that one retreat
Retrieved three long Olympiads of defeat?
Look last at homeye love not to look there
On the grim smile of comfortless despair:
Your city saddens: loud though Revel howls,
Here Famine faints, and yonder Rapine prowls.
See all alike of more or less bereft;
No misers tremble when theres nothing left.
Blest paper credit; who shall dare to sing?
It clogs like lead Corruptions weary wing.
Yet Pallas pluckd each Premier by the ear,
Who Gods and men alike disdained to hear;
But one, repentant oer a bankrupt state,
On Pallas calls,but calls, alas! too late:
Then raves for; to that Mentor bends,
Though he and Pallas never yet were friends.
Him senates hear, whom never yet they heard,
Contemptuous once, and now no less absurd.
So, once of yore, each reasonable frog,
Swore faith and fealty to his sovereign log.
Thus hailed your rulers their patrician clod,
As Egypt chose an onion for a God.
Now fare ye well! enjoy your little hour;
Go, grasp the shadow of your vanished power;
Gloss oer the failure of each fondest scheme;
Your strength a name, your bloated wealth a dream.
Gone is that Gold, the marvel of mankind.
And Pirates barter all thats left behind.
No more the hirelings, purchased near and far,
Crowd to the ranks of mercenary war.
The idle merchant on the useless quay
Droops oer the bales no bark may bear away;
Or, back returning, sees rejected stores
Rot piecemeal on his own encumbered shores:
The starved mechanic breaks his rusting loom,
And desperate mans him gainst the coming doom.
Then in the Senates of your sinking state
Show me the man whose counsels may have weight.
Vain is each voice where tones could once command;
Een factions cease to charm a factious land:
Yet jarring sects convulse a sister Isle,
And light with maddening hands the mutual pile.
Tis done, tis pastsince Pallas warns in vain;
The Furies seize her abdicated reign:
Wide oer the realm they wave their kindling brands,
And wring her vitals with their fiery hands.
But one convulsive struggle still remains,
And Gaul shall weep ere Albion wear her chains,
The bannered pomp of war, the glittering files,
Oer whose gay trappings stern Bellona smiles;
The brazen trump, the spirit-stirring drum,
That bid the foe defiance ere they come;
The hero bounding at his countrys call,
The glorious death that consecrates his fall,
Swell the young heart with visionary charms.
And bid it antedate the joys of arms.
But know, a lesson you may yet be taught,
With death alone are laurels cheaply bought;
Not in the conflict Havoc seeks delight,
His day of mercy is the day of fight.
But when the field is fought, the battle won,
Though drenched with gore, his woes are but begun:
His deeper deeds as yet ye know by name;
The slaughtered peasant and the ravished dame,
The rifled mansion and the foe-reaped field,
Ill suit with souls at home, untaught to yield.
Say with what eye along the distant down
Would flying burghers mark the blazing town?
How view the column of ascending flames
Shake his red shadow oer the startled Thames?
Nay, frown not, Albion! for the torch was thine
That lit such pyres from Tagus to the Rhine:
Now should they burst on thy devoted coast,
Go, ask thy bosom who deserves them most?
The law of Heaven and Earth is life for life,
And she who raised, in vain regrets, the strife.
his heart was so black
it was deported from kenya
and every chamber held a
shantie found in the sands
of old caribbean tombs
his flesh was so pure
it was a century church
built from the martyred mahogany of shipwrecks
insides painted with portraits for the blind
his eyes were so green
that they were known to be
the heartbeat of the earth
as it vibrated all the way through to the core
and out, breaking his thoughts
into the stars that fill galaxies
but having feeling for him
is like putting a stethoscope to a tombstone
and sifting through an empire of dirt
in the dead of night
Where does the heart find a more loving way....
When rowing it's boat to destiny with only one oar?
A crooked rudder that "rusts into a mind of his own."
Where do the answers lie upon a half a map, torn in the center where "c marks this island's spot?"
Half of getting to the heart's needed destination is factual, yet, with missing facts, the fun of improvisation and imagination of your arrival thrill the soul to energies triple above another human heart's
"Seemingly" a rush to get to love's paradise first.
Neither of the sort, rather a tasty mixture, such ways of love's sail clenche even the most seemingly untamable thirst.
An anchor that refuses to raise to full mark your mistakes with others.
Yet, the weight of others expecting more than the "norm"
Such strengthen the beating muscle. Pumping oar and multitasking as one stears to shores makes a work out which proves one's strength even through the most questioning of lonely times.
You are made of stronger stuff.
A forgiving nature, thrills of looks of the opposers as you beat their lies down, and your determinationto never quit, sink to the bottom, and share eternity with "Davy jones,"
As lonely as he must be,"Davy, I have to take raincheck. I promised my spirit to strong "will"
You shall never give in to the doubts of the "singing bones."
As heard from their forgotten and caved in graves. " I drink of my cask and cheer" as the scenery marks the closeness to finding "love's paradise island."
"Stories shall be told of an unprepared and mostly misunderstood love pirate who made waves.
Discovering himself through every flash through bumps into other ships along the way.....
I never fail to earn a bigger laugh, a smile, or other clearly redirected days.....
To when I'll set anchor at the island's port.
Through all my legends of being a more "evil and selfish love bandit, "
this " passionate pirate" shall see his love and meet her after docking.
Earning both her hand and marriage.
After reaching these beautiful and sometimes thought of "fictional folk lore,"
Upon entrance to the "perfect landing place and society."
I'll read to her my logs.
Our additional beauty (as told by the warm fires as written for and to one another.)
These Stories our children shall pass, the likes of embellished life's tales, (their own earned editions to the family book)to their children's children.
All gained through determination, belief in something grander than myself, and travels inspired by pure caring wisdom.
12 Monkeys
17 Girls
127 Hours
2 Days in New York 2012
2 Days in Paris 2010
2001 A Space Odyssey
360
A Beautiful Mind
A Bridge Too Far
A Few Good Men
A Single Man
A Perfect Getaway
A Serbian Film
A Very Long Engagement
A.I.
Absolute Power
Adaptation
Airborne
Air Force One
Airplane 1
Airplane 2
Albert Nobbs
Alex Cross
Alpha Dog
American Beauty
American Gangster
Amorres Perros
Amour
Anchorman
Andy Warhol's Bad 1977
Andy Warhol's Blowjob 1964
Andy Warhol's Eat 1964
Animal Kingdom
Annie Hall
Anti-Christ
Apocalypse Now Redux
Apollo 13
Arachnophobia
Apt Pupil
Armageddon
Babel
Backdraft
Bad Company
Bad Education
Badlands 1973
Barton Fink
Basquiat
Before Night Falls
Being Flynn
Beneath Hill 60
Beyond the Black Rainbow
Billy Madison
Biutiful - Spanish
Blade 1
Blade 2
Blade 3
Blade Runner Final Cut
Blades of Glory
Blood Work
Blue Valentine
Breach
Broken Arrow
Born on the Fourth of July
Boyz in the Hood
Bullet
Bulworth
Brothers
Caddyshack 1 &amp; 2
Career Opportunities
Carlos The Jackal The Movie
Carne by Gaspar Noe - French
Cashback
CB4
Charlie Wilson's War
Chelsea Girls 1966
Cherry
Chinatown
Ciao Manhattan ft. Edie Sedgewick 1972
Cinema Paradiso
City of God
Clear and Present Danger
Closely Watched Trains - Czech
Contact
Corpse Bride
Courage Under Fire
Crazy Stupid Love
Dark Shadows
Dave 1993
Daybreakers
Days of Heaven
Dazed and Confused
Dead Presidents
Defiance
Desperately Seeking Susan
Despicable Me
Detachment
Die Hard Quadrilogy
Dick Tracy
Dirty Harry
Django Unchained
Dogtooth - Greek
Dogville
Doubt
Dracula, Bram Stoker's
Dragonheart
Dream House
Drive
Drop Zone
Dumbo
Dune Extended Edition
Ears Open, Eyeballs Click
Easier With Practice
Easy Rider 1969
Edward Scissorhands
Empire of the Sun
Encino Man
Enter the Void by Gaspar Noe
Eraser 1999
Eyes Wide Shut 1999
Face Off 1997
Fallen
Fantastic Mr. Fox
Fast Times at Ridgemont High
Fight Club
Fill the Void
Fish Tank
Fitzcarraldo
Five Minutes in Heaven
Flickan 2009 - Swedish
Flubber 1997
Folks!
Forbidden Planet 1956
Fracture
Friday 1995
Friday After Next 2002
Frost Nixon
Fucking Amal - Swedish
Full Metal Jacket
Funny Farm 1988
Funny Games
Fur- An Imaginary Portrait of Diane Arbus
G.I. Jane
G.I. Joe Retaliation
Gangs of New York
Gangster Squad
Garden State
Get Rich or Die Tryin'
Ghostbusters 1
Girlfriend
Girl, Interrupted
Glengarry Glen Ross
Gomorra - Italian
Great Expectations 1998
Greenberg
Grindhouse Death Proof
Grindhouse Planet Terror
Groundhog Day 1993
Grumpy Old Men
Grumpier Old Men
Gummo
Gus Van Sant's Last Days
Half Nelson
Hannibal
Havoc
Haywire
Heartbreak Ridge
Heat
Hell on the Pacific 1986
Hesher
Hitchcock
Holy Rollers
Hook
Honey I Shrunk the Kids
Hyde Park on Hudson
I Am Curious Blue
I Am Curious Yellow
I Heart Huckabees
I Stand Alone by Gaspar Noe - French
If Looks Could Kill 1991
I'm Not There
In Bruges
In The Line of Fire
Inglorious Basterds
Inland Empire
Innerspace 1987
Innocence
Interview With the Vampire
Jacob's Ladder
James Bond - Diamonds Are Forever 1971
James Bond - From Russia With Love 1963
James Bond - Goldfinger 1964
James Bond - Never Say Never Again 1983
James Bond - On Her Majesty's Secret Service 1969
James Bond - Thunderball 1965
James Bon - You Only Live Twice 1967
Jane Eyre
Jeremiah Johnson 1972
JFK
Joe Versus the Volcano
Johnny English 2
Julien Donkey-Boy
Juno
Just Cause
Kapringen aka A Hijacking - Icelandic
Ken Park
Killing Season
Killing Them Softly
Kindergarten Cop
Kingpin
Koyaanisqatsi
Krippendorf's Tribe
Kiss the Girls
La Vie En Rose
Last Night
Last of the Dogmen
Leon: The Professional
Leonard Pt. 6
Les Miserables
Lie With Me
Life of Pi
Lincoln
Lions For Lambs
Little Children
Lord of the Rings Trilogy BR Extended
Lord of War
Lost Highway
Love and Other Drugs
Love in the Time of Cholera
Love Liza
Lovers of the Arctic Circle
Mad Max 1979
Mad Max 2 1981
Mad Max 3 1985
Major Payne
Malcolm X
Man on Fire
Manhunter
Maverick 1994
Meet Joe Black
Melancholia
Menace II Society DIrector's Cut 1993
Mesrine 1 Killer Instinct - French
Mesrine 2 Public Enemy - French
Milk
Minority Report
Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol
Mister Lonely
Money Train
Moonrise Kingdom
Moulin Rouge
Mr. and Mrs. Smith
Murder By Numbers
Munich
My Sassy Girl 2008
Naqoyqatsi Life As War
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation
National Treasure Book of Secrets
Never Cry Wolf
Never Let Me Go
New Jack City
New York I Love You
Night on Earth 1991 - Italian
Nixon
Not Fade Away
Notes on a Scandal
O Brother, Where Art Thou
October Sky
Olympus Has Fallen
Ondskan - Swedish
One False Move
Out of Africa
Outbreak
Palmetto
Paris Texas Criterion 1984
Passenger 57
Paths of Glory 1957
Perfect Sense
Peter Pan
Philadelphia 1993
Pinocchio
Pirate Radio
Platoon 1986
Pleasantville
Pollock
Project X 1987
Proof
Quiz Show
Rabbits
Revolver
Robocop Trilogy
Robot and Frank
Rolling Stone's Gimme Shelter
Romance and Cigarettes
Romeo and Juliet 1996
Sahara
Saving Private Ryan
Schindler's List
Searching For Bobby Fischer
Secretary, The
Seven Years in Tibet
Sgt. Bilko
Shame 2011
Shine
Shooter
Shopgirl
Sid and Nancy
Sin City
Sky Captain and The World of Tomorrow
Skyfall
Slackers
Sleepers
Sleeping Beauty 1959
Sleeping Beauty 2011
Sleepy Hollow
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
Somewhere
South Central
Sphere
Spread
Spy Game
Stand Up Guys
Stay
Summer Hours - French
Sweeney Todd - The Demon Barber of Fleet Street
Synecdoche, NY
Syriana
Talk To Her - Habla Con Ella
Taken 1 &amp; 2
Takers
Tart
Taxidermia
Tetro
Thank You For Smoking
That Thing You Do!
The Adjustment Bureau
The Age of Innocence by Martin Scorcese 1993
The Bad Lieutenant - Port of Call New Orleans 2009
The Basketball Diaries
The Beach 2000
The Believer
The Beverly Hillbillies
The Black Dahlia
The Blue Lagoon 1980
The Book of Eli
The Boxer
The Constant Gardner
The Conversation
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
The Darjeeling Limited
The Dark Knight
The Dark Knight Rises
The Day of the Jackal
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly
The Fifth Element
The Flock
The Flowers of War
The Fountain
The Getaway
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo 2011
The Golden Compass
The Good Shepherd
The Good The Bad and The Ugly
The Goonies
The Green Mile
The Grey
The Help
The Hudsucker Proxy
The Hurricane
The Hurt Locker
The Ice Storm
The Ides of March
The Illusionist
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus
The Impossible
The Informers
The Invasion
The Iron Lady
The Island of Dr. Moreau
The Jackal
The Jerk
The Killer Inside Me
The Kingdom
The Legend of Bagger Vance
The Lost Boys
The Lost Boys The Tribe
The Lost Boys Thirst
The Machinist
The Mask
The Man Who Fell to Earth 1976
The Master
The Mechanic
The Money Pit
The Naked Gun 1
The Naked Gun 2
The Naked Gun 3
The New World
The Pelican Brief
The Place Beyond the Pines
The Prestige
The Queen
The Raven
The Reader
The Red Balloon
The Right Stuff
The Road
The Rock
The Rocketeer
The Rules of Attraction
The Rum Diary
The Saint
The Shawshank Redemption
The Silence of the Lambs
The Skin I Live In - Mexican
The Soloist
The Talented Mr. Ripley
The Thin Red Line
The Town
Transformers Trilogy
The Tree of Life
Tron Legacy 2010
The United States of Leland
The Usual Suspects
The Way Back
There Will Be Blood
There's Something About Mary
Three Days of the Condor
Three Kings
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy
To the Wonder
To Rome With Love
Tombstone
Total Recall 1990
Trainspotting
Trash Humpers
True Lies
Two Lovers
Two Weeks in September(Brigette Bardot) 1967
Tyrannosaur
Unbreakable
Uncle Buck
Unforgiven
Unleashed
Unstoppable
V for Vendetta
Varsity Blues
Vertigo
Vicky Christina Barcelona
Videodrome
Virtuosity
Wag the Dog
Wake Up Ron Burgundy The Lost Movie
Walkabout
Wall Street 1987
Wall Street 2010
Wanderlust
Water World
Wayne's World 1 &amp; 2
We Are The Night
War Witch
We Need to Talk About Kevin
Weekend by Jean-Luc Godard - French
Weekend 2011
West of Memphis
What Doesn't Kill You
What's Eating Gilbert Grape
When Harry Met Sally
Where the Wild Things Are
White House Down
White Material Criterion 2009
White Oleander
Who is Harry Nilsson?
Wolf 1992
Womb
You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger
Zardoz 1974
Documentaries &amp; Music Videos
BBC - Life in Cold Blood
BBC - Planet Earth
BBC - Rolling Stones Crossfire Hurricane
BBC - Great Bear Steakout
BBC - Ice Age Giants
BBC - Insect Worlds
BBC - Life on Earth 1979
BBC - Lost Cities of the Ancients
BBC - Operation Snow Tiger
BBC - Penguins: Spy in the Huddle
BBC - Polar Bear: Spy on the Ice
BBC - Richard Hammond's Miracles of Nature
BBC - The Life of Birds
BBC - Wonders of Life
David Blaine Collection
Dick Proenke Collection - Alone and Solitude, The Frozen North
Encounters at the End of the World 2007
Nanook of the North
National Geographic Wild Kingdom of the Oceans Giants of the Deep: Whales
Shine A Light - The Rolling Stones
Vladimir Horowitz - Der Ietzte Romantiker
Vladimir Horowitz - Live in Vienna 1987
Vladimir Horowitz - The 1968 TV Concert
Whale Adventure with Nigel Marvin
Is she my heaven
When I'm at war with the world is she my weapon
My support my light
Someone that I can one day call wife
Or is she my hell
Someone that has me so blinded that I can't see the spell
Fools gold
A fast lane addict trying to suggest for me to move slow
Is she an angel or demon
Is she the source of my happiness
Someone to comfort me when the stress is too stressful
Or maybe she's someone I give sex to
Is she the source of my anger
Blaming me for the shit that she caused
Or maybe she found me to change the fact that she's lost
Is she an angel or demon
Am I the only one that gives joy to her day
Or is she on games like she's in an arcade
Maybe she's a demon and I'm the devil
Maybe not
Maybe I'm a pirate and she's treasure
Maybe not
Maybe she's vibrant and need pleasure
Maybe so
But what's crazy though
Is that maybe taking the good with the bad is what makes us whole?
Your cover is hard, your spine is broken
and all of your pages are torn
Your corners are folded, your text is stained
but my heart felt as if there was more
I stood on my toes and reached for you,
struggling to extend to the highest shelf
The tips of my fingers grazed your grey board binding,
the excess paper and rags created to embody your whole self
All you've known are the footsteps and whispers
of strangers who have passed you by
refusing to give your tattered leaves
a chance to peel open their sealed minds
In my possession you are beautiful,
full of wonder and infinite pleasure
I'll envelop myself in every one of your pages
like a pirate admires every piece of his treasure
Well it's pretty cold over here,
my doubt makes it difficult to draw near,
revelling in the rum of the ruminate that I retch,
wondering why I want to stay a wretch,
heeding fables,
constantly unstable in many ways,
as I mule and bray away my days,
wasting time looking for a needle in the hay,
worried about wheat and chaff,
never about the rod and staff,
forgetting what the Miller said,
the ball is in your court,
stick to your field old sport.
I dined the dark with the swine,
as we crafted the mud and mocked the divine,
on lonely island we speak of filthy things,
the kind that should be kept private,
like pirates out for innocence,
we burn our idle incense,
looking for a pharaoh to harrow,
any Jack or sparrow,
hovering to find any hose here,
little loose rats into the water with the Pied Piper,
we kill the fishmonger with fear,
he was meant to guard his stock,
we bribe the shepherd as if he never heard,
meant to guard his flock,
he probably never cared.
Casting out our cunning lines,
telling them to enter in,
but never through the gate,
hoping they'll take the bait,
carrot and stick,
on to the slave ship,
men of clouded Eris,
forever luring sinbad.
Timon and Pumba said hakuna matata,
that option was to obvious for my ominous oblanganta,
the rooster crows when it sees the raven,
but we forget our roles when we're in a haven,
rafiki said look beyond what you see,
but I was in the desert and the thirst was real,
you could say that I was in my feels,
I chased the mirage,
missed the ever open oasis,
still thirsty,
it didn't lust.
listening to my logic,
ate the food on the palace plate,
who can relate?
My spider senses were webbed by the sandman as I drilled for digitaldopamine to derail my depression,
dusty roads laid in the distance as my discernment was damaged.
Now I'm afraid to have a dialogue because I'm no longer used to analogue,
fight fleeting.
I'm fed up of spinning in cycles,
gotta check my psyche like Nike,
can't bet on chance,
I need discipline unlike Mike.
Do you want more?
I scream encore,
wondering why I've become so numb,
why I've lost control,
walking the isle of isolation,
hiding from the groom,
even after all the light,
all I saw was gloom,
tossed by the wind and waves,
I hide in the bush from Ned like Homer,
I could make a joke of this quagmire,
but I really feel like Gomer.
Sometimes you have to leave the cast if you feel like you'll remain half the man.
With all my getting I never understand,
I just peter in the storm,
hoping He will stretch out His mightyhand.
I SAT on cushioned otter-skin:
My word was law from Ith to Emain,
And shook at Inver Amergin
The hearts of the world-troubling seamen,
And drove tumult and war away
From girl and boy and man and beast;
The fields grew fatter day by day,
The wild fowl of the air increased;
And every ancient Ollave said,
While he bent down his fading head.
"He drives away the Northern cold.'
They will not hush, the leaves a-flutter round me, the beech leaves old.
I sat and mused and drank sweet wine;
A herdsman came from inland valleys,
Crying, the pirates drove his swine
To fill their dark-beaked hollow galleys.
I called my battle-breaking men
And my loud brazen battle-cars
From rolling vale and rivery glen;
And under the blinking of the stars
Fell on the pirates by the deep,
And hurled them in the gulph of sleep:
These hands won many a torque of gold.
They will not hush, the leaves a-flutter round me, the beech leaves old.
But slowly, as I shouting slew
And trampled in the bubbling mire,
In my most secret spirit grew
A whirling and a wandering fire:
I stood:keen stars above me shone,
Around me shone keen eyes of men:
I laughed aloud and hurried on
By rocky shore and rushy fen;
I laughed because birds fluttered by,
And starlight gleamed, and clouds flew high,
And rushes waved and waters rolled.
They will not hush, the leaves a-flutter round me, the beech leaves old.
And now I wander in the woods
When summer gluts the golden bees,
Or in autumnal solitudes
Arise the leopard-coloured trees;
Or when along the wintry strands
The cormorants shiver on their rocks;
I wander on, and wave my hands,
And sing, and shake my heavy locks.
The grey wolf knows me; by one ear
I lead along the woodland deer;
The hares run by me growing bold.
They will not hush, the leaves a-flutter round me, the beech leaves old.
I came upon a little town
That slumbered in the harvest moon,
And passed a-tiptoe up and down,
Murmuring, to a fitful tune,
How I have followed, night and day,
A tramping of tremendous feet,
And saw where this old tympan lay
Deserted on a doorway seat,
And bore it to the woods with me;
Of some inhuman misery
Our married voices wildly trolled.
They will not hush, the leaves a-flutter round me, the beech leaves old.
I sang how, when day's toil is done,
Orchil shakes out her long dark hair
That hides away the dying sun
And sheds faint odours through the air:
When my hand passed from wire to wire
It quenched, with sound like falling dew
The whirling and the wandering fire;
But lift a mournful ulalu,
For the kind wires are torn and still,
And I must wander wood and hill
Through summer's heat and winter's cold.
They will not hush, the leaves a-flutter round me, the beech leaves old.
So you ask the difference
Between prose and poetry
Prose is just... prose
But poetry is a song
An entire universe, coming full circle
Poetry beats with my heartbeat
And it sings, but in a melody
Of words and midnight thoughts
Of strong coffee and dreamy haze
The mix of noise and silence
Poetry matches the rhythm of my feet
Tip-tap-tap, tip-tap-tap, it goes
It climbs slopes and mountains
Varying in speed and delivery
And descends, slowly, sliding into a pool of emotions
10,000 degrees of sadness and happiness
In each verse of the poet
Poetry is destruction and creation
Of the old and the new
Of statements and opinions
Of the paradaox of our age
Things built and unbuilt,
Broken and assembled
Like a lego model of complications
Poetry is revolt and revolution at the same time
It is a chant for liberation
That cannot be overcome by dominance
Or by any evil things of these times
Poetry is the hope of the protest
And the push for change
Waiting patiently, just going over the edge
About to burst not into flames but butterflies
And clear skies, Sunday morning sunlight
Like yellowed novel pages
Poetry will turn you inside out
Bare the soul and tear the flesh
Scatter the foundation of bones
Until you wonder and ponder
Over your very existence
Poetry is everywhere
And by everywhere, I mean, especially your toilet
Best thought out on the pot
Poetry is a word search with infinite vocabulary
Hoping to cross out as many as possible
But it never ends
Poetry is in the shade of your backyard tree
Of the things in this world that cannot speak
So we speak for them
It is the shout of the left-out, marginal, never-really-existing people
Poetry is life given to those who would not have had one
It is a Christmas sock for the soul
Comforting and warm, cherished in all forms
Poetry is writing poems for yourself and reading them in front of the mirror
And at the same time
Standing in a bazaar and waving your arms
Among cows and vegetables and chaat
Shouting, "Listen to me! I've got something to say!"
Poetry is getaway
In corners and edges
It is trying to escape everything real
And wanting the surreal
It is the 1 o'clock fantasies
Riding on waves, pirates of my own land
Middle Earth and elves, the adventures of dwarf lads
Poetry is the life-changer, the inspirer
The 'you'll be alright'
And 'next time buddy'
To every exam failed, every heartbreak
The arm on the shoulder, the pat on the back
Poetry is... A lot of things
But most importantly,
Poetry is you
It's in the whispers of you singing in the shower
It is your ugly, spit flying, gums showing laughter on the terrace
It is how you snuggle right into my emptiness
Poetry is the answer
To my 6 year old adopted kid's question
When he walks in with my 10 adopted dogs
And asks me,
"Mom, what is everything made of?"
I'll first tell him that matter is made up of atoms
Because, of course, he needs to be scientifically correct
But then I'll add that everything is made of poetry too, there's not much difference
See, prose is just prose
But poetry is not 'just poetry'
The dogs of the sea,
An age of pirates long past,
Of cannon fire,
And legends of sea beasts,
The Kraken and Sea gods,
Mermaids and Sirens,
Legends coming forth from the world,
Captain Kidd and Blackbeard,
Men whose stories,
Whos legends,
Feed the dreams of the young,
And show the extent of man's will,
Whether it be malevolent,
Or benevolent
BAS
The sunset throws the people into silhouette,
The rolling hills into sharp relief against themselves.
It romanticizes the world,
Like for once there is such a thing as freedom.
Age watches the clock and the calendar at end of day,
Youth watches the setting sun.
Dreams can be so fleeting after all,
And time so indelicate.
Long live the youth in a world of disarray.
Long live dreams in a world of age.
Age searches for the meaning of life,
Youth finds life in the meaning,
Why else would we run away for but a single day?
The sunset paints brown grass gold.
Time paints gold moments brown.
The ocean sits behind the trees
But long ago it sat in the pockmarked sky
And fell,
Like sand to the bottom of the hourglass,
The House of Usher.
Long live that aging ocean,
Long live that youth in the sky,
Bright blue-white pinprick footprints
Left behind in existential black.
Long live the never ending sky,
The forever ending sea.
Naught but a memory of a dream now,
Petals of light catch on rivers of roads,
And we remember it like pirates do the ocean -
Free, formidable, fierce, forever.
Age throws memory into silhouette,
Light shines photographs into spots of glare.
Youth romanticizes the world,
Like once upon a time,
We were free.
I've given poetry readings where less than a handful of people were present. It's a humbling experience. Its also a deeply familiar experience.
"Poetry is useless," poet Geoffrey Nutter said in a 2013 interview, "but it is useless the way the soul is uselessit is unnecessary, but we would not be what we are without it."
I was raised a Roman Catholic, and though I dont go to Mass regularly anymore, I still remember early mornings during Advent when I went to liturgies at my parochial school. It was part of my offeringthe sacrifice I made to honor the impending birth of the Savioralong with giving up candy at Lent. So few people attended at that hour that the priest turned on only a few lights near the altar. Approaching the front of the church, my plastic book bag rustling against my winter coat, I felt as if I were nearing the seashore at sunrise: the silhouettes of old widows on their kneelers at low tide, waiting for the priest to come in, starting the ritual in plain, unsung vernacular. No organist to blast us into reverence. No procession.
Every day, all over the world, these sparsely attended ceremonies still happen. Masses are said. Poetry is read. Poems are written on screens and scraps of paper. When I retire for the day, I move into a meditative, solitary, poetic space. These are the central filaments burning through my life, and the longer I live, the more they seem to be fused together.
Poetry is marginal, thankless, untethered from fame and fortune; it's also gut level, urgent, private yet yearning for connection. In all these ways, it's like prayer for me. Im a not-quite-lapsed Catholic with Zen leanings, but Ill always prayand Ill always write poems. Writing hasnt brought me the Poetry Jackpot I once pursued, but it draws on the same inner wiring that flickers when I pray.

In the 2012 collection A God in the House: Poets Talk About Faith, nineteen contemporary American poets, from Buddhist to Wiccan to Christian, discuss how their artistic and spiritual lives inform one another. Kazim Ali, who was raised a Shia Muslim, observes in his essay Doubt and Seeking:
[Prayer is] speaking to someone you know is not going to be able to speak back, so you're allowed to be the most honest that you can be. In prayer you're allowed to be as purely selfish as you like. You can ask for something completely irrational. I have written that prayer is a form of panic, because in prayer you don't really think you're going to be answered. You'll either get what you want or you won't.
You could replace the word "prayer" with "poetry" with little or no loss of meaning. I'd even go so far as to say that submitting my work to a journal often feels like this, too. Sometimes, when I get an answer in the form of an acceptance, I'm stunned.
"I never think of a possible God reading my poems, although the gods used to love the arts, writes Fanny Howe in her essay "Footsteps over Ground." She adds:
Poetry could be spoken into a well, of course, and drop like a penny into the black water. Sometimes I think that there is a heaven for poems and novels and music and dance and paintings, but they might only be hard-worked sparks off a great mill, which may add up to a whole-cloth in the infinite.
And here, you could easily replace the word "poetry" with "prayer." The penny falling to the bottom of a well is more often what we experience. But both poetry and prayer are things humans have learned to do in order to go on. Doubt is a given, but we do get to choose what it is we doubt.
A God in the House Book Cover
Quite a few authors in A God in the House (Howe, Gerald Stern, Jane Hirschfield, Christian Wiman) invoke the spiritual writing of Simone Weil, including her assertion that "absolutely unmixed attention is prayer." This sounds like the Zen concept of mindfulness. And it broadens the possibility for poetry as prayer, regardless of content, since writing poetry is an act of acute mindfulness. We mostly use words in the practical world to persuade or communicate, but prayers in various religious traditions can be lamentations of great sorrow. Help me, save me, take this pain awayI am in agony. In a church or a temple or a mosque, such prayerful lamentation is viewed as a form of expression for its own good, even when it doesn't lead immediately to a change of emotional state.
Perhaps the unmixed attention Weil wrote of is a unity of intention and utterance thats far too rare in our own lives. We seldom match what we think or feel with what we actually say. When it happens spontaneously in poetry or prayerAllen Ginsberg's "First thought, best thought" ideal it feels like a miracle, as do all the moments when I manage to get out of my own way as a poet.
Many people who pray dont envision a clear image of whom or what theyre praying to. But poets often have some sense of their potential readers. There are authorities whose approval I've tried to win or simply people I've tried to please: teachers, fellow writers, editors, contest judgeseven my uncle, who actually reads my poems when they appear in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, where he used to work.
And yet, my most immersed writing is not done with those real faces in mind. I write to the same general entity to which I pray. It's as if the dome of my skull extends to the ceiling of the room I'm in, then to the dome of the sky and outward. Its like the musings I had as a child lying awake at night, when my imagination took me to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. But then I emerge from this wide-open state and begin thinking about possible readersand the faces appear.
This might also be where the magic ends.

I write poetry because its what I do, just as frogs croak and mathematicians ponder numbers. Poetry draws on something in me that has persisted over time, even as Ive distracted myself with other goals, demands, and purposes; even as Ive been forced by circumstance to strip writing poetry of certain expectations.
"Life on a Lily Pad" &copy; Michelle Tribe
"Life on a Lily Pad"
Michelle Tribe
At 21, I was sure Id publish my first book before I was 25. Im past my forties now and have yet to find a publisher for a book-length collection, though I've published more than a hundred individual poems and two chapbooks. So, if a real book is the equivalent of receiving indisputable evidence that your prayers are being answered, Im still waiting.
It hasnt been easy to shed the bitter urgency Ive felt on learning that one of my manuscripts was a finalist in this or that contest, but was not the winner. Writing in order to attain external success can be as tainted and brittle as saying a prayer that, in truth, is more like a command: (Please), God, let me get through this difficulty (or else)
Or else what? Its a false threat, if theres little else left to do but pray. When my partner is in the ICU, his lungs full of fluid backed up from a defective aortic valve; when my nephew is deployed to Afghanistan; when an ex is drowning in his addiction; when I hit a dead end in my job and dont think I can do it one more dayevery effort to imagine that these things might be gotten through is a kind of prayer that helps me weather a life over which I have little control.
Repeated disappointment in my quest to hit the Poetry Jackpot has taught me to recast the jackpot in the lowercaselocating it not in the outcome but in the act of writing itself, sorting out the healthy from the unhealthy intentions for doing it. Of course, this shift in perspective was not as neat as the preceding sentence makes it seem. There were years of thrashing about, of turning over stones and even throwing them, then moments of exhaustion when I just barely heard the message from within:
This is too fragile and fraught to be something that guides your whole life.
I didn't hear those words, exactlyand this is important. For decades, Ive made my living as a writer. But I can't manipulate or edit total gut realizations. I can throw words at them, but it would be like shaking a water bottle at a forest fire; at best, I can chase the feeling with metaphors: It's like thisno, like thisor like this.
So, odd as this sounds for a poet, I now seek wordlessness. When I meditate, I intercept hundreds of times the impulse to shape a perception into words. Reduced to basics, the challenge facing any writer is knowing what to sayand what not to.

To read or listen to poetry requires unmixed attention just as writing it does. And when a poem is read aloud, there's a communal, at times ritualistic, element that can make a reading feel like collective prayer, even if there are only a few listeners in the audience or Im listening by myself.
"Allen Ginsberg" &copy; MDCArchives
Allen Ginsberg
MDCArchives
When I want to feel moved and enlarged, all I have to do is play Patti Smith's rendition of Ginsberg's "Footnote to Howl." His long list poem from 1955 gathers people, places, objects, and abstractions onto a single exuberant altar. Its certainly a prayer, one that opens this way:
Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy!
The world is holy! The soul is holy! The skin is holy! The nose is holy! The tongue and cock and hand and asshole holy!
Everything is holy! everybodys holy! everywhere is holy! everyday is in eternity! Everymans an angel!
Some parts of Ginsberg's list ("forgiveness! charity! faith! bodies! suffering! magnanimity!") belong in any conventional catalogue of what a prayer celebrates as sacred. Other profane elements ("the cocks of the grandfathers of Kansas!") gain admission because they are swept up into his ritualistic roll call.
I can easily parody Ginsberg's litany: Holy the Dairy Queen, holy the barns of the Amish where cheese is releasing its ambitious stench, holy the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Internet. But reading the poem aloud feels to me the way putting on ritual garments must to a shaman or rabbi or priest. Watching Patti Smith perform the poem (various versions are available on YouTube), I get shivers seeing how it transforms her, and it's clear why she titled her treatment of the poem "Spell."
A parody can't do that. It can't manifest as the palpable unity of intention and utterance. It can't do what Emily Dickinson famously said that poetry did to her:
If I read a book [and] it makes my whole body so cold no fire ever can warm me I know that is poetry. If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. These are the only [ways] I know it. Is there any other way.
Like the process of prayerto God, to a better and bigger self, to the atmospherewriting can be a step toward unifying heart, mind, body, universe. Ginsberg's frenzied catalogue ends on "brilliant intelligent kindness of the soul"; Eliot's The Waste Land on "shantih," or "the peace that surpasseth understanding." Neither bang nor whimper, endings like these are at once humble and tenacious. They say "Amen" and step aside so that a greater wordlessness can work its magic.
halloween kids
I am a man who loves halloween yes i think its cool
you trick or treat through the streets, oh yeah
asking for lollies and bobbing for apples
yeah that sounds so rad to me
you see you sing songs like monster mash
and flying purple people eater and you eat people everywhere
and you hate when dr frankenstein says you are doomed sunshine
and then you played the jaws theme to scare away the dudes
party party party oh yeah, this will be pretty cool
you see hearing the sounds of the ghosts of halloween and
the big fierce dracula
and the monsters do their dash, yeah that sounds so cool
and each adult gives sweets to each kid, yeah mate bloody yeah
you see on the eve of halloween, dr micheals comes around
to say, you are a poof and a monster, yeah, you need a nice cold budweiser beer
then in the middle of the day your kids come in the bar
and show you all the candy they have found
yeah there was a lot
you see good old dracula said back to me
yeah, these kids are devious and cunning
and the great dr frankenstein said kids, we have to party with them
kids, you see we have tom and george and simon and Ben
kids we cant have this holiday without them oh no we cant
kids kids kids kids
kids, the party is on for young and old
you see these kids have heard every story ewer told
kids need more, but they dont except it no
kids kids kids
kids are the reason why we celebrate this day
you see people dress up in consumes all over the USA
kids arent happy when the night ends oh no
they just keep the parents being tired and weary oh yeah oh no
kids the day is great for them
kidsthe adults are trying to break every record that is meant
kids need to explain to these blokes that they are uncool
kids kids kids
you see kids, i see the devil with his fork
kids i see blackbeard the pirate in the body of a dork
kids the wicked witch is the biggest problem child
kids kids kids
kids can the adults steel the kids candy
kids can the adults steal is while singing yankee doodle dandy
kids is it possiblethat the candy is theres oh yeah
kids kids kids
happy halloween dudes and dudelttes
way back in the dark ages of the 800s, there was this big ship which carried
prisoners who committed harsh crimes, and the man who ran the ship was tom beatrice
and he had the job of making sure all of the prisoners were safe and put in line.
the first prisoner was
1barney lumpstone, who was a convicted murderer of 3 women and 5 children in chile
the next criminal was
2 harry broad smith who was in because he murdered the king of france, and he needed to respect authority
so the police put him on the ship to be taught discipline
3 and ten there was rodney parkes who sexually assaulted 3 teenage girls and was put on the ship
with the crowd hoping it will sink making rodney scared for his safety
tom said, you are scum, rodney, you are complete scum, and you need to understand what you put your victims through
4and then there was tom hunter who robbed the local bank and took 2 hostages with him for security, because he didnt trust nobody
when the police caught him, they put him on toms ship and tom, made sure his prisoners were kept busy making handbags and wallets
and even fishing for fish for the folk on the island, and mind you tom beatrice was a strict officer, anyone who stepped out of line
will be severely dealt with like tom would hit them with a stick till they are behaving themselves, and tom made sure all the jobs were done well
and the prisoners knew that tom meant business, each prisoner tried to work as hard as they could, but it wasnt easy because tom was such
a slave driver and no prisoner would dare escape on the islands, but barney tried, but it wasnt easy as tom knew his way around all the islands
and tom had it in his mind, that barney will be found, and under a whip, he gets the other prisoners to comb the island to look for him, and after
a few hours searching they eventually found barney and when they all got back to the boat, barney was given 14 lashes with the whip till he understood
that escaping wasnt an option, the other prisoners thought after seeing what happened to barney, they felt kidnapped away from civilisation for a while
at meal times, tom fed each prisoner to how hard they worked, if they worked well, they will be fed a banquet and if they were slack they got bread and water
you see barney was a slow learner, which is why he killed those women and children, tom knew he was in a battle with barney, but one thing he wasnt going
to put up with is a slacker, barney wasnt always in the mood for toms discipline, and decided to play up much to the other prisomers dismay, because they
just wanted to spend the remainder of their time on the boat with no problems, but with all the fights there are on the boat, mind you tom wasnt going to put up
with any tom foolery, but sometimes he had to sacrifice his beliefs to avoid a prisoner strike, but nobody even thought of striking because tom was strict
as anyone who spoke up, will be sent to solitary and bashed by tom, and this made the prisoners think, if they step out of line, they will be bashed in solitary,
you see, each prisoner was roughed up a bit, but tom wasnt afraid to kill if he needs to, to keep up discip[line on the boat, and then barney and harry and rodney and tom parkes
decided one day to take on tom, saying, he is just a person , and there is 4 against 1 and tom came in to send them to bed, the 4 refused and used force to stick up for themselves
tom got his gun but barney grabbed the gun off tom and the 4 prisoners ran all over the boat trying to find the engine, but the prisoners were getting tired from all the work they did
but still wanted fight toms harsh discipline, but there was no escape and then rodney noticed an island about half an hour swim away but it was there when tom cornered them
and each prisoner said, we must jump and risk our lives, and barney jumped in, then rodney then tom hunter and tom caught harry and took him to the whip room, meanwhile harry
managed to say, go save yourselves, but it was hard as harry had to do all the work by himself, and tom used harsh discipline, and for barney tom and rodney, well rodney was eaten by a shark
barney made it but was tied to a stake and killed, and tom hunter joined the pirates but after 3 months was killed in a pirate war and for harry and tom, well harry was worked too hard from tom
harry killed tom and threw him to the sharks and then jumped in after tom to make sure the sharks kill tom, they did, and they killed harry too, and for the boat, well it was left there for 300 years
till the pirates took over it, to hold their many hostages.
There's that word
for girls like me:
the ones who
didn't see the point
of princesses.
The active ones who
run and jump and slide
and can't be bothered
to stand around the
playground sidelines,
whispering and trading
in spots of character assassination
or information.
"Tomboys" they call
those girls
and maybe later
"butch" or
"masculine of center."
I notice how
there's never
"feminine of center."
But really,
I've always felt impatient with that word
"Tomboys."
Why should a girl who wore
dangling earrings
but liked the things they label
"boys things"
want a word that suggests she's
something other than what she's not?
An aspirational boy?
A girl who grew up into
a closeted girl
with short hair, no make-up and a love of
jewelry.
Whose first girlfriend post-coming out,
took one look and said "But you're a femme!"
Please, please, understand.
In my heart I am a pirate king,
of the eighteenth-century variety:
big sword, big earrings, big weapons.
On the threshold of middle age,
somewhere on the spectrum of gender,
What word describes me?
Hey Johnny where are you now?
You left, and never came back, just like you said you would.
And now i have heard that you died, my Darling.
You were always my Darling, and i was always your 'little bit of fluff'
And if what they say is true, i know you'd be pissed as all hell if you ended up in heaven, because hell was always more your style.
But i do hope, if you are in heaven, that it's a heaven made just for you.
I reckon they would have a jukebox that only played Kansas and the Eagles, beautiful women and had Stella and black ontap.
Oh and a GPZ1100, with no speed limit..
And you know what i mean by that.. you little shit.
You'd be in heaven.. oh the irony
You were the first person i told that i like girls too.
I told you i love their softness, there beauty, their curves, their taste,
the way they taste like me, feel like me, are soft like me and that i had cum while watching a video on MTV with girls singing in the swimming pool.
You said you needed a minute to think about things...
for a very long time.. in the bathroom... on your own..
Your tattoos were beautiful, covering you from head to toe.
My favorite one was the pirate that your friend Pervy Pete did
while he was baked, it was meant to be Long John Silver, but it looked like your Nan.
You gave me my first snakebite and took me to my first gig.
Wembley... Metallica.. pissed out of my head..
Best night ever..
probably.
I taught you how to crochet and you let me paint your toenails..
only the once. And you taught me how to whistle with my fingers.
In the end you told me to shut the fuck up, because any minute now a whole damn heard of sheep dogs are going to come running over the hill, and kill us both.
I held your spanners, sat on a crate and had fork oil, all over my summer dress. You said it was a good look on me and i told you that you were beautiful. You smelt of sweat and juniper oil and i could have cum from that smell alone.
Your eyes were the same brown as mine, you used to put your face so close to mine so i could see myself in your eyes. I only wish you could have seen yourself through mine.
If we had ever been together, i would have wanted to have saved you.
And i would have too.
But you didn't want to be saved.
I would have spent my whole life trying. You said you would have hated yourself, to have been the one to have killed me like that.
In my heart we will always be. I knew you loved me because, while i slept in your arms on the way back from the Bulldog Fest, you whispered it to me.
Good bye and sweet dreams my tattooed greasy biker.. my Darling.
I'm grateful you never found out about the life i had without you.
You would have killed him.
We're off to Never never land - Paracetamol, cucumber sandwiches and the lost rent boy
Gav called me up.
Him and Tolly were going out to Never Never Land in Blackburn
3 lost boys off on a curious adventure
Mi mum dropped me off at Gavs 'ouse ont' Shad estate
Gav got us a coke before we caught t' buz in
But 'e sprinkled in some white pewder
"What's this? Pixie dust?"
"It's summat to gi' you Speed" said Tolly
"just drink it!" Said Gav
So I did
"2nd Star t' t' reet and straight on t' t' moornin'!"
But we'd bin sold crushed paracetamol
So we just acted like we were fucked and lied to each other about ow buzzin wi were
But we weren't buzzin
Then we caught buz in
Waitin' for t' affects o' t' artificial amphetamine t' kick in
'N' we got t' Neverland
No mermaids 'ere
No pretty injun girls
There were a few blokes wi dodgy eyes n limps
But no no, no-n-no no, no-n-no no no no there's no pirates!
Just shitty plastic Palm trees
'N' townies in fluorescent nylon shirts
No peacock feathered hats ere
Just steps n curtains n aggressive faces
'N' me wi' a bowl cut and trepidation
Tryin' t' think happy thoughts
Surrounded bi freebooters, piccaroons, Buccaneers, filibusters and Rovers
Wi' their left foot, right foot dancing
And an eye on t' maidens
Sneering in our direction
Lost boys
That 'aven't grown up
I sort o' skirted round edges feelin' scared
Then went to sit at sides on an empty table 'n' hid
On t' next table were a nice lookin' couple o' blokes.
They must o' bin good mates!
They were cuddlin' 'n' touchin' each other a lot.
Anyhow, thi got talking t' mi
Told 'em I'd not bin out before
"Ow old are you lad? 14/15?"
"I'm 18"
Thi sort o' laughed, dunno why
Then one of 'em offered me a cucumber sandwich
I thought t' mi sel'
"I dunno much about nightclubs but I dunt think folk normally bring cucumber sandwiches!"
But I were 'ungry so I ate it
Then I think 'e thought we were mates coz 'e were touchin mi leg
I 'ad to crow for Gav an' Tolly
They came in like Peter Pan and rescued mi and I set off for 'ome
I went to t' phone box n' called mi mum
Didn't know town reet well
So I waited for 'er outside o' mi old school
There were some scary lookin people on one side o't' road snappin at each other like crocodiles
So I stood under t' lamppost so I were int' leet an' t' cars passin could see mi
Felt safer like that
Time passed
Tick tock tick tock
T' crocodiles were lurkin
Each time a car passed I stepped out a bit
To look for mi mum
Drivers kept lookin at mi nervously n drivin off
Maybe thi thought I were a crocodile too
N they kept smirking at mi
Then some officers pulled up like privateers in their blue and white flashin galleon
Made us stand again t' wall as I asked for parle
'N' thi searched mi for treasure
Asked us if I pulled into port for rentin
"Rentin' what? I'm Waitin for mi mum."
"Aye cap'n! Hahaha! I'm sure you are! Dressed in tight little hot pants!"
"These aren't 'ot pants, they're chinos?!"
Then mi mum turned up an said "oh aye! This streets t' red light district!"
"Well bugger me!"
Never, never again... Until uni happened
we walk this plane
as the ire of death, consulting none,
a victorious rattle of amens
sinking further into ourselves,
deep down under the visible
past the skin the muscle and vein,
there's nothing but emptiness
clinging tightly to the mess we've made,
I can't find my breath here
spinning round my head won't still,
thoughts splash in choppy motion
as a fish tank from there to here,
I awake with distress at the back of me
of my open mind and comfort-less dreams,
dark clouds spitting gravity hold me scared
my blind eyes can't penetrate what I see,
yet, before me is my whole creation
I've steered this rental shipwreck down,
living a spiritless cohesion of facts
slowly slipping off the face under the crown,
it's true you never get what you deserve in life
never truly what you earn or are worth,
life's a deflating balloon quietly weeping
passively accepting it's weighted frown,
my life is my own train crash phantom
I fuelled the furnace without track in sight,
not realising the consequence of stupidity
underestimating the dark eating light,
it's a painful process to look back at life
and know that you could of made a difference,
but I knowingly walked the horizon
and my own gravity kept me on this burning fence,
an anchor of diamonds
reflecting light and beauty
not a crevice or a crack
no sliver of darkness
so perfectly perfect
so beautifully true
i swim to the depths
revel in the shadows
you glisten as you are
a nightlight keeping me safe
how do you stay so bright?
how do you stay so perfect?
i am a child in a library
of toys and imagination
you are patient and forgiving
beaming as i explore
i am with pirates and astronauts
a million miles away
i can feel you, my anchor
my guiding light back home
i am a drunk schoolgirl
suffocating in mistakes
you hold me steady and guide me
hold my hair as i'm disgraced
you allow me this release
no judgements or reproach
i can feel you, my anchor
my guiding light back home
i eclipse your features
still your beauty persists
we trade diamonds and regret
until we are a perfect match
and still you are beautiful
and still so absolute
how do you stay so bright?
how do you stay so perfect?
positivity feels like a drop of water in a desert
and i'm tired of calling you with nothing to say
because if the desert were an ocean, i'd be the curve of a wave
something forever shifting, steep then still, steep then still
constant, but not the same
(splash splash, ripple ripple
a storm and a tide shift and a push of an oar
but then i guess even shipwrecks have anchors)
it's something my math teacher taught me to think of in numbers
the idea of a shifting wave
a fundamental of calculus, easily measured by tangent lines and graph paper,
a protractor and a trusty dixon ticonderoga number 2
(the best pencil in the world, i've been told)
but textbooks, backpacks, and the smell of dry erase
never gave me any clue of how to deal with seasickness.
do you like that world?
do you sit at your desk staring at chemical equations
considering a list of things that dead white men did or didn't do
a pencil in one hand (dixon ticonderoga number 2)
a knife in the other,
blood and ink and a bathroom sink
spilled like oil on pavement across your mind
(thick and dark in a toxic puddle, bad for the earth
but if you look at it sideways, sometimes you see rainbows)
when you go to bed and your hands shake and your breath
shivers out of you like a ghost,
are you satisfied with your world of locker slams and ABCs
and choices that you're told are yours?
maybe you're the desert
maybe i'm your drop of water
i'm tired of calling you with nothing to say
because really i'd guess i have too many words
i'm an ocean, motion sick from my own fluctuating sea,
and i would never want for you to be like me,
you're beautiful with your mountains and rocks and sand
i just with i could make you understand
how ever part of you glows when you talk about music
or how free your voice sings when you talk to me
while you're aimlessly doodling masterpieces
on some stupid vocab sheet.
the parody...
i think i remember stashing a week's
worth in my room
and the stench they provided...
that's the parody, i think i remember...
thinking has nothing sensual about it,
now you're reaching into our faculties,
like: imagination being covert for sight,
then again memory does indeed comply
with that rule, but we call it "sight",
or a blockeg toilet of desirable "thoughts"...
i wonder... is there anyone out there
to give me 5 sensual artefacts of rigidness
that my comply with a theory concerning
the ego?
well... isn't this globalisation a real gathering...
what a gathering!
there are one <em>billion</em> chinese armed
with shadow and here we are
talking about how the process of individuation
comes about... like some miracle of birth,
it just tickles my nuts whenever i hear it.
cat's in the bathroom imitating me
while i lean off a windowsill to spot a constellation
and given that: i can only see three at most,
well, four... if i count the rhombus
and the big and little dipper (out east we call
them carts... the things horses used to
drag along)...
but all i want is the pentagram of man inverted,
like the clockdile that the swastika became
for germans...
i want the "cognitive" lessons in what
i see, what i hear, feel...
what are these "senses"?
they must be there for me to think about them,
but never trust that thought that has no ought
to it, no moral compass, per se...
that something is not needed,
i hardly talk anyway,
i just pass as silent as a lake, or
merely and practicaly, just sit there...
newspapers?
yeah, for some reason books not keen on house-cleaning
chores never allow for stink...
keep a week's worth of newspapers in your room
and they start decaying, and the stink arrives...
which is why i don't value opinions coming from
newspapers, i call them the sights of
pornographers of literature...
or maybe why i don't see much in the vicinity...
in poland they actually call <em>putin</em> a wise man,
a leader... in the west everyone wants a cherry
on top of the cake that they're not...
all the old people in poland cite
putin because he's able to keep poles,
how to say it? not imitating the nomad jew?
and actually sit on their asses and count the ants?
is that how you say it... i go back to poland
for 3 weeks, read a <em>kraszewski</em>, watch ski jumping
cook a meal, walk in minus degrees into pine
woods and take a photograph of a power station,
and feel: there's no need to write a book...
3 weeks over there and i didn't feel a need to write
a book... alternatively:
i come back from my "hiatus" to england
and i'm in a on-the-ready-prompt gimmick;
i'm starting to see this departure from the life
i could have had as much as what defines the dog
or a door (onomatopoeias to god)
but is really nothing more than a nagging
seagull... or why there is a need for prompt...
if graffiti didn't do it, then this, certainly will.
writing "poetry" is never a good thing,
esp. when you don't feel like talking,
but then i feel a computer keyboard like
chopin might feel the piano keyboard
or mozart feeling up a harpsichord...
i can't even claim ginsberg's prodigy,
i mean: mean grit and hardship of a construction
site? the scottish widows' HQ roof? i can claim
i did that... because i literally did...
it's almost like the construction
industry is the only thing standing before
the military-industrial complex... unless of course
you add napster and somali pirates into the equation...
but yeah, newspapers really stink if you leave
them in a pile for a week of the respective past week,
books however don't... i haven't dusted them
because i probably read them, and i like to
imagine this fetish of the perfume they exfoliate
after a while, because you nurtured them in a way
that other people who horde books don't...
like my uncle once reminded me as to why i read:
i want enough books to make me look smart...
yeah... and i want a casio to be above rolex...
and on a bum note: schrimps ahoy!
or as my scottish english teacher
in a catholic school once remarked but didn't
realise it until i spotted it (just now):
the gift of narrative is to digress -
it's a "poem", it's not a pave of slab,
there really isn't a quality control mechanism
involve, other than the quality of writing too much
and being able to shut up for 10 years...
respectively: to write a body of work,
which is where routine comes from
and routine breeding a type of rhetoric that's
constantly undermined...
or i guess that's what's flying about:
because i really want to avoid what gave me prompt...
it's very trivial -
it originates in how people quote:
i.e.the orthodox "[w]hen it happened"
enclosure... the prompt part when giving you
<em>the</em> prompt... as if needing an intro,
that shit is in [w]...
what is an indirect citation to
the direct situation of giving a talk -
which i'm not, therefore i point it out.
and yes, it ends with a number
because there are only two "arithmetic" results
of language, one of them is 1
so a sentence e.g.: i went to the store to buy some milk
is representive of the sigma, 1, positive, affirming
anything and nothing.
yet the other strand of "arithmetic" results of
language is 0... which is Kantian for negation (a denial
of, primarily the cartesian concept of doubt),
and a sentence that results in the sigma 0
comes from a sentence e.g. i went to the store
to buy some mil <em>and</em> shot someone "by accident"...
well.. that's how english existentialism would actually
work, by dittoing / creating ambiguity
that goes outside of the misnomer realm,
as in: including some sort of action,
hence the punctuation inclusive of "extracting"
by; so yes, existentialism can actually include
the conjunction word leading up to what is stated
as ~:
easier to state what you mean or don't
than the mindless task of the perpetrated
counter-ask, esp. in a supermarket, i.e. i wanted
milk (also), instead i got a bullet to my head.
shit don't make 1 + 1 = 2 logic in terms of speaking,
and no, i don't believe that books ought to be
necessarily eloquent... we can stick to manners
at a dinner table... i see books as a cushion for
what would otherwise explode into violence...
or is that just my take on things?
there was something though, that prompted me,
and it wasn't something i'd arrange
with dubious punctuation, as in:
to read a newspaper and listen to someone talking,
fucking schizoi of me to do that in the first place,
or perhaps that's how you decide for a third
person to talk over the person actually talking
into your ear in a video, you reading a newspaper
article, and then realising you are allowed
the third party source of thought...
then again it was upon seeing how people
cite...what's the difference between citing
it as "[w]hen" and how you see it in certain books
e.g. 'when?'
tiny little differences, but meteors in
how the modern version / aversion to dialectics looks like,
if it is ever staged in Marrakech supermarket...
is dialectics thus a better word to denote
haggling? as that nursery rhyme goes:
if meme and gene is id the posit for fixed ego?
like: that shit never changes, it goes on and on
and is the western serpent in <em>the doors'</em> song the end.
wait wait... credits...
all credits to heidegger's ponderings
III... circa 1932, and the concept of <em>volklich</em>
which some east german would probably say
as <em>volklisch</em> - like in a rammstein song:
isch bin... hark the fucking CH! or should i ask
the Gaul to come with his phlegm of R?
it's not that the english have a stiff upper-limp,
they have a numb tongue... taubzunge...
or an <em>umtongue</em>...
and speaking ethnicity, i too can suggest
something... what kant already mentions with his
shadow | cold concept to... whatever it was he was doing...
western slavs are shadow people... a <em>schattenvolk</em>,
you don't really see them...
and if the history of israel...
becomes unrecognised by arabs in the middle east...
then so too poland in europe, unrecognised...
well... they're there... but western vogue doesn't
really recognise its existence when you read a newspaper
and dare to cite statistics... so like: huh?
they can cite every, single, country,
in the supposed western "hemisphere" but they can't
cite something from the east...
and then someone from the <em>schattenvolk</em>
comes along and says something to them that
cite the statistics and they're like: bring
in the muslims!well, that done,
how about we watch the idea of a community
from the Ek incident? two bottles of coca-cola
and a death sentence...
or so and so and so and so did (a),
but shouldn't have received the result (b)...
thankfully we had Newton to look for
the law of gravity... otherwise i really wouldn't know
what law man is actually capable of giving...
is it objective? so why am i protesting?
is it subjective? so why am i even asking?
the only thing more horrid from philosophy is
jurisprudence... but then i find philosophy bearable,
and "try" to practice it... jurisprudence?
let's not get religiously motivated to exact what
is and what is not.
maybe it's just me but the thought of you lately makes me sad. your skin five shades darker than a double-double; you remind me of almonds, hazelnuts, snow and full lips. you've got this little mole about two diagonal inches up from your cock. it's the inward sigh i stifle when i tell you i love you that tells me i don't. when we're in bed, the way you look at me makes me feel like an heiress, a goddess. when you pull on your boxers i see you: a spoiled brat. the way you speak to me makes me feel like i should apologize. i guess i'm looking for someone a little less shallow; when i started sinking i realized you didn't have the depth to understand a shipwreck.
Laughter at the pirate ship wreck
Incarcerated alibi.
Self-doubt and enemy envy.
Post neurosis mental chariot waiting patient set to test and task the palatial steel ballast.
Starting to startle itself awake according to twilight reporting recognized first and focused lazily to be remembered later for the first half percent.
Decent decline descending darkness ascending atoms attending arson. Gallant grey nose for cold weather bubbling wound puss streak pillow.
Plain sight eyes glazing reminiscent veteran folded over beer bottle drunk at home the unknown soldier.
Spirit spear piercing glowing nexus weightless flying high shadows vacant samurai clutch in an adjacent basement.
Bleeding bone fractured paper homes manufactured homeless jeering platelet picked and cast like a rune on your first born baby blanket.
Hallow, heated, grave displayed, and looped backwards.
Happy fishing!
There we stood falsly charged of crimeswe had not commited
or at leastthoughtno one had seen.
Jack Horner.
acussed oflewd acts with a horse well least he had a ride home afterwards
also acussedmurderinsanity arson petty theft double dipping
car jacking hey if the cars into it i see no harm in it.
truelleyhe's a all around good guy.
Chris Smith.
For being a well okayhe's probaly the innocent one
Gary la Budha.
For selling to many books and drinking my last beer
andforpissing on thee toilet seat.
John Patrick Robbins AKAGonzo
For serving minors inciting a riotfarting in churchspiking the punch and creating a mess at the highschool prom.
200 drunken publics 3000 dui'spublic nudity dam sports event's do it every timefucking chess matches.
Breaking and entering shit i wondred why my house was locked
and some man was sleeping with my wife hell
here i find i have one and she's already cheating on me.
no woder thoose kids look nothing like me.
And for being such a good looking crazy bastardI added that one.
We were some fine upstandingkinda fucked up guys.
The trial was a joke thr key witness Drew .Dglared at us
I felt violated as i knew mentally she undressed mewith her eye's
The video was the real kickerdammit I told you Jack that
wasntMr Esbarn we broke intohippos dont weardresses .
Yes mate but there so dam sexy he replied.
what do you have to say for yourselfs the man in his black Pajamas asked.
Once was kinda strange i had to get dressed up yet this senile old man thought wewere at a pajama party.
Order in the court yes your honor i'll have a martini.
We were found guilty but even a courts wall cant contain crazy.
With a spark of unplanned drunken brillancelike a fart between friendswe sprang into action Jack taking on theofficers
Chris you take the judge I'll handle the she devilDrew.
In a battle fitting for saturday night pro wrestiling we
faught likewild animals and drunk women chairs flew
earswere bittenbody parts fonddled
Drew screamed hey pervert get your hands off my ass.
No time for foreplay now satanand i sure hopeyou smuggled
a gun or salami in here thats just wrong.
Grabbing the curtian andthat hot court lady who insisted on typing through the whole dam triallike a drunken piratewho shops at walmarta called to my brothers were blowing this popstandslash pajama party.
Through the window we flew crashing through the roof ofa well placed mini van belowwe could hear the pixie like screams above As Mr E
screamed goddamit thats my fucking van.
Into the sunset like mighty drunken legends we rode
hey you guys ever been to Atlantic City?
bound for trouble and and a few rest stops inbetween
hey were drinkers and nobody likes to smell like pee.
Untill next time were the always guilty
Were the G team.
My mind was in train wreck.
My heart was in a shipwreck.
Waiting to be found,
Waiting to be healed,
Waiting to be patched up,
<strong>Looking for a hero</strong>.
I am drowning into abyss
No anchor can pull me up
For I resisted ...
Breathless
I slowly drown
AndI hid into this unknown abyss
<strong>Waiting on a true hero.</strong>
Night and Day ,
I was a neglected soul waiting for a hero.
Searching in all the harazardous places.
As when the sun slowly began slept away
And the moon began to awake in its grey glow
I cried in despair of all ghouls who scorned my soul and those fiery demons for they tore my sanity.
I was alone and leading myself into hurricane of fire.
Twist into my fate.
Slowly I drowned ....
<strong>Where is my hero?</strong>
And you appeared in shining suit of armor
Piercing eyes ,taunting eyes,angelic lips
Halo across your head .
Without hesitation you reached for me.
My blood coiled in the sight of you
I was afraid ,
but I felt safe when I met your gaze.
<strong>My Hero.</strong>
As you lured yourself in,
You turned my heart into the right direction.
To stop loving
in dangerous places
To quit aching for
mistakes that were not in my control .
<strong>My hero</strong>
Bandages were stripped,
when you kissed me.
I wanted to be rescue,
every single time you touched me.
<strong>My hero...</strong>
My heart was set in stone ,
With accomplishments,
hopes,
goals
of having you by my side.
**My hero
my love
seems a creature of the night
the moon seeks her
as she sleeps
to wake and write her verse
for me
my love
would be a child of the lake
a sweet water
pirate
having stolen my heart
to bury as her
treasure
Ghosts that have lived and now become just an open window to the past.
I could hear the voices talking to me inside my head
Telling me of things that I didn't notice while I slept in bed
The clock alarms at the same time and lights go on in bathrooms just like in any others house instead
The children are still dreaming of fantasies that the day before the sun was shining and children go where angels fear to tread
I remember the boy next door it must be 35 years or more when we would play together on our patch of land as pirates on ships or soldiers in tanks we drove our Tonka trucks till tea time and our mothers called out and we'd go in to eat our daily bread
I lived in a house above another house which made my house an upstairs flat and I remember a big room with a fire place and couches and a big window that could see all the other houses then eating my tea I would drink some orange pop then it was getting dark and in my bedroom the corridor lead
I would stay up late and watch the woods across the back of our flat as the noise of birds settled down and cats and dogs chased each other and the pillow gently hit me on the head.
Without You, Lord,
I am a walking disaster.
Falling into temptation and sin,
so far from Her Master.
Without my eyes constantly upon You,
I shipwreck my life.
And fill it with strife.
Without You, Jesus,
I am a weak, hopeless sinner.
So frail and vulnerable
in this garment of flesh I wear.
Without You, I am a walking disaster.
Yet...
one who is loved and forgiven...
by her Saviour and Master.
I should be writing,
but from where Im sitting I can see the breeze through flicks of a pirate flag, shadow cast and bearing homeward bound in my window.
I can reach out and touch my tobacco,
feeling,
rolling,
pausing,
licking,
lighting,
smoking.
I am inhaling /exhaling
and only typing in between bursts of stillness, my mind lost and trailing through the room, toke n type, mumbling crazy talk under my breath as I scribe.
Slowly
I should be in my head, finding a nest,
a bed, of words and meaning
conscience streaming.
No focus when I can see the trees, peeks of bark and pied green
No inspiration beyond that which I can see with my eyes.
Ash, I am burned out like the smoke in my hand.
Just a sandy pirate stealing my dreams
and I watched the Kraken sing,
waves crashing to destroy order
chaos laughing at my failure.
Just finding gratitude in a melody that
cleaned shame and inadequacy.
But also nightmares and shades
haunting my security, like a pac-man to his ghost meat.
Taunting the hope in side that it would subside
A dream within a dream within a dream....
Give me a dollar
And I'll make something of it.
Give me your time
And I'll waste it.
Staring down the red pill and the blue pill.
Trying to decide between nothing and everything.
Making sure the Dread Pirate Roberts doesn't drink his own poison.
There is no hand I would least rather die at
Than my own.
Nervousness speaks true thought
turning fresh air to gold as it travels
across the pub interior ether from
rough pale lips to your rouged
set, sitting tidy in front of me.
Shaking fingers shake hands with
thoughts and nothing, melding something
of answer to your question you asked
I think twenty-five minutes back,
<em>I know not of Richard Feynman, please explain though.</em>
Come the occasion of a plane crash or
shipwreck, can I sink with your voice
running soft laps around my head?
At least then your intonation's tread
and heel's step of educated well-read
can offset any pain caused by a wing in my thigh
or a timing belt leaving my tongue tied and wrapped.
It is a rock forsaken on a hill
It is an anchor desolated from a shipwreck
It is a flower being stepped on
It is feelings crushed by reality
It is words you're unable to speak
It is dreams you wish were true
It is silence
It is waiting
It is stubbornness
It is hardness
It is decisions
This is what it is
It is heaviness
And tomorrow I'll grow lighter
- LynnAA
if i had been abused as a child
i would write about that
if i was a world war veteran
i would share stories of loss and pain
if i was a pirate sailing the 7 seas
i would sing songs of booty and gold
if i was a thug selling dope by the dime
<em>see "pirate"</em>
but instead it's your guts spilling vicariously through my pen
Goodnight green eyes,
Your dreams await you in Silver-Lined skies,
Dreams of dragons, and fairies, and me,
and hopefully just a touch of mystery.
The sliding colors slipping silently through silky seas,
gliding gracefully over gallant gull wings,
whisking you away with a gentle breeze.
You see dragons and pirates,
fairies and gypsies,
tricksy little gnomes,
and flamboyant pixies,
you see them all tucking away,
hiding in there homes as their thoughts start to stray.
and as you glide gracefully over the sea,
your thoughts start to wonder what tomorrow will be,
will there be adventures or heart ache and loss,
or maybe even a romp through the moss,
you might not know now,
but theres something you do,
that someone you love,
is waiting for you.
You know Im the vengeance
Da reckless
Infestive
Obstructive destructive
Despondent injection
Obsessively restin
Asleep at night
Sextin
With demons
Of order and chaos
Aggression
Next lesson. They tell you theyre vegan while un-salad dressin
Testin and testin and Bespin your friendship
And readin your story
Awaiting to end it
The hatchets we bury
To Hades we send it
The western elite of the borderlands wolves
In the north but theres so much more northern to go
To the arctic we bask
And then drown in the glow
Cuz we flow with the snow
And we stroll with the wave of the LSD
slideshow
Rock and we roll
And we let the world know
There aint nothin this Latin American dont
Consider before resorting to violence
Trust me my people were peasants and pirates
Weve made a new world with some Holy Cross virus
We burned down the fields till the babies grew quiet
We built all your cities for ours were of gold
Then we ripped out your heart and we watched you grow old
In the cold
Jungle heavens
Where 6s 8 7s
Pollutants and mutants
And magic illusions
My gods are the marvelous magnetic humans
A core brotherhood
Left A F, but not rude
We bump night in the dark
And swing noose on the mood
Like the Musso de Lini
Yea Mikey says hi
Let him cry like the grito de lares
Inside
A reminder I claim his Malinche,
My bride
And I show her the world
From a whole other side
Where united as one
We keep mixing perspective
Until all the colors of wind
Are reflected
i don't know whether contemporary writers
appreciate the fact that, well...
(a deep take of breath, and a hmm with added
pff flaking)... yes, today was a most horrid
day... a hangover... an oddity for me,
can't remember the last time i had one:
headache included - it just came out of the blue
with that melancholic bile seeping through
(hyphen? oh, the hanging punctuation?
i know, unlike the ..., what do you call that
if not a prolonged pause?) -
i'm blaming the heatwave - sticky sickly honey
goo of the sun... i don't know how or why
they managed to colonise south america and Africa...
i couldn't stand a day there, i Kenya i was
doing the opposite of phototropism: whiskey or
brandy in hand, in the shade, at one point
sleeping on a deck chair while the sprinklers drizzled
me - sure, i could have been abducted by Sudanese
or Somalian pirates: out in the open like that on
a holiday resort at night, but fuck me, the heat was
just too much to bare... i'm pretty goddamn sure
a lot of anger and banal human brutality comes from
heatwaves, or just the heat... i'd colonise Greenland.
like i said before, fair dos to the theory of evolution,
but i have a different way to approach it,
i call it the Scandinavian model, not the Anglo model;
the difference? shorter timescale, beginning with
monkey vikings, and reaching social democracy and
no rabbit humping instinct of the Chinese and the Blue
Indians... that's manageable (that sort of timescale),
ah shit, someone should really buy my a navigational
system so that i don't digress;
so here i am, revitalised by a whiskey sharpshooter
(ratio of whiskey to cola... probably 5:3 or 5:2, never mind -
i'm going to start a petition, to get those two words
compounded, but first the appeal will have to begin
with sending those two words with a hyphen preliminary
concern, i.e. /: never-mind - before the digital dictionary
doesn't underline it in red) -
what i'll finally
say and say it with good faith... you pick up a 20th century
artefact up, in this case a book,
then you turn on the computer, and start typing,
you turn back to the book, and would you
believe it? you end up saying the words:
fucking antiquity... and that's about something from
the 20th century... the 21st century is when
history became exponential, it's not as it used to be,
a slight increment day by day... the thing's gone
wacko on an exponential scale...
back in the 20th century i'd be writing,
and getting rejection slips...
now it's like the American Wild West all over again...
i'm pretty sure the majority of people
don't appreciate this fact... and we kinda are
saving the Amazon rain forest by enlarging the digital
bank... honestly, the freedoms we are experiencing
have never been greater, even reading 20th century
books feels like reading Plato, or the Epic of Gilgamesh,
as i said already, but to repeat myself for
the citrus relish: fucking antiquity.
I can feel the tide swirl in my head,
the foam rest over the sand of old memories,
shipwrecks downed and broken up,
to wash up on an island of cursed dunes,
and that place shan't be for the living,
it's for the dead and the lamented,
no treasure buried on that beach,
x-marks the spot of demons spawned of the demented,
I look at the clock and I see that once again it's 2 am and all I can think about is how you're gone and nothing can bring you back. My 3 am thoughts remind me that if you had really and truly loved me, then you would have tried just a little bit more to stay. I remember when you first whispered goodbye in my ear, I couldn't help but wonder if that was what death felt like. Years later, I still have ghosts lingering in my head and ashes polluting my lungs and blood flooding my heart but I have learned that ghosts are only as real as I let them be. So now I always tell everyone to be careful who they fall in love with because I was mesmerized by a ghost and then I became one.
But after all this time I still wonder though: what really happened to us? Because the truth is I am still heartbroken and attached to you even though I know it's wrong and I can't make these feelings stop and I miss you. I miss the future we almost had. The day I heard you were gone was when all of our dreams together shattered. Everything constantly reminds me of the little things we will never do together again, smile and laugh and hold hands and kiss and more. Just existing together will never be a possibility again. We will never spend the rest of our lives with one another, sharing stories about our past and creating a future together. It almost kills me each time I remember how one day I may find someone that will spend the rest of my life with me, but he will never be you. I know bringing you back is against the laws of nature but that doesn't seem to stop me from making you my 11:11 wish. And honestly, I just wish that I had taken the time to memorize the shapes and lines of your face because the only image I remember now is the view of your back when you walked away... My life had been one shipwreck after another so you thought that I would get better if you said things like I love youand I care about you and I would have too if you had actually meant them.
Time heals everything is what everyone tells me to try to help get me through this but time can not possibly be the solution when it is time itself that has become the problem. I used to believe time was what was going to save us: the forevers we were going to spend together. I never realized that you were in a race with the clock to see who would stop first. I never realized that time would keep going even after my heart shattered. You try to forget but the clocks don't. They are always here, always begging me to listen. They want me to remember every single detail like the time you first told me hello and the time you admitted you loved me and then the time you said it was all a lie and the time you said goodbye and meant it.
So now my 11:11 wish is for the clocks to stop whispering into my ear late at night and use its hands to strangle me instead because you said you were going to heal the cuts on my skin and yet your name has become the deepest of them all in the end. You just kept pushing and pushing me away from you and still you wondered how my body ended up at the bottom of this cliff. After all that you have put me through, all I wish for now is for your throat to burn as you attempt an apology while you read my poems. I would swallow my regrets the day you stop choking on your apologies but I can't even breathe with your ashes caught in my throat. I have always been torn between saying too much and too little yet now that I think about it, I have had more conversations with you since you've been gone than when you were still alive. Maybe it's because I still can't decide whether you went to heaven or hell.
Now I realize you don't understand long distance relationships until you're in love with someone six feet under.
Motionless White
Numbers on a map.
No more.
So much ocean.
Men adrift at sea.
Only hope keeps them alive.
That and faith in God.
Old misplaced ways left behind.
New ways reborn.
The miracle happens.
Picked up by a trawler.
Too late for one.
Fine for five.
A miracle?
You, Jesus, tell me.
what's the "real'' difference between pedagogy and ideology? don't know, but it's probably equivalent to: a bunch of dwarfs among a bunch of children... spot the fucking rottweiler.<em>
the "problem" with individuation
on a level of pedagogy -
it's all fun &amp; games to be attired
in a catholic school uniform -
rebelling against the "suggested"
attire by wearing a black
shirt, when otherwise expected
to attire yourself with either
a white, or blue shirt...
and so you can breed a sort
of people that don't really have
a high school narrative
akin to the h'americans...
who cling to high school fueds
without engrossing themselves
in the years as if: they ought to be prized...
yet there is a problem...
at school a mantra hovered over me...
the mantra was ushered in like
a ghost, and it clinged to me like
a spectral mushroom...
</em>you are different,
just like everyone else!*
it's hard to craft an individuation process
with this mantra hovering over you...
simply because there's a question:
different to / from what?
where's the <em>that</em> that i'm supposed
to align myself to,
while simultaneously
not aligning myself to <em>that</em>?
i honestly can't be bothered
to play a second game of pedagogy...
because ideology is just that...
i have to be shitting myself silly
in thinking that this requires an
oversimplification...
<em>you are different...
just like everyone else</em>...
which is a quirky paradox
that hovers over you
when you're supposed to wear
a school uniform...
because: how can i?
well, at least i can escape the hell
of having to cite high school
"dramas" in my later life...
is there anything memorable
about it, prior to infusing myself
with delusions?
not really...
the ontological basis for
the existence of memory is
bewildering: no wonder it needs
the surrealism of an "education"...
seems more pardonable to watch
rust form on a shipwreck...
because what can i actually "keep"?
it would be a natural answer to
amass a large number of things
to counter the fact that:
i'm trying to hold a handful of water
in cusped hands, when it
comes to remembering something;
but i do retain my list of riches
in terms of a: past experience...
and i cling to these artefacts like a tyrant...
but i am not fortunate in
that i have been given a debilitating mantra -
i guess:
the point when you stop blaming
yourself is when you curl out of the egg
that the "guiltless" people like to shove the jack
back into a box of solipsism...
oh yeah: they're also real...
i hate the gimmick:
the only person you can blame is yourself...
tell that to the Auschwitz survivors:
'cos i'm also not buying;
not having to blame yourself
is the most liberating act of punk;
ah, but to mind: the misnomerism
of narcissism -
and the general ambivalence
regarding "immaturity"...
<em>trust</em> really is,
far harder to fathom than <em>truth</em>...
because there's no abstract to hide it in...
back to:
what the ideologue doesn't understand
is that: there's no second (attempt at)
pedagogy.
why on earth would i rob a person of
their moral duty merely question?
a person without a moral sensibility is
also a person without a question:
morality - a guideline worth
the abstinence with respect to
having a choice;
versus the regret of not having it in the first
place.
There's nothing like the impending new year
Than to make you realize
How far you've come
Forward or backward
Or perhaps you didn't move at all,
Stuck on square one.
I always thought we stayed in one place
A few steps closer
Until a sudden <em>pang</em>,
Sent us flying back
All the way to square one;
I've realized I was wrong.
Square one was just a single step back
To refocus,
We've grown so close,
Only like a spiral,
Circling further and further in,
All to one center.
Reflecting now, we are truly the same
For we do not attack straight on,
Like a line;
Instead, we are cautious,
Handling what's precious
In careful hands.
What feels like square one and a step
Is more like an ocean we've crossed;
Patience is the key to a treasure chest
And maybe, we just hit land;
Now it's time to pace (ourselves)
And follow the maps drawn on our hearts.
one of them, being allowed to live next to families with children... and watching them grow... seems to elongate time, indefintely... i'm sometimes confused that it's friday, when i'm trapped in monday... another is washing your armpits on a hot day, and changing t-shirts, donning a hospitalier t-shirt.<em>
but the more important joy?
eating only one meal, per day...
and eating it just before heading
off to sleep...
some wacky recipes emerge...
sometimes including *hoisin</em> sauce:
like last night...
i cooked some turmeric + coriander
rice... fried some bacon...
but looking for some spring onion,
i mistook baby leeks for the onions
i was searching for...
well, same <em>genus</em>,
so it didn't really matter that much.
the point is... you eat only one meal a day,
and it's just before going to sleep?
you wake up the next day,
rehydrate (since you've been drinking
<em>pirate</em> tonic - rum)
and then...
<em>pice de rsistance</em>:
the smoothest turd to ever come out,
compared to the most lubricated phallus
of homosexual interaction;
but for some reason, i woke up today,
to find that i was bleeding from my right year...
the pillow is blood soaked...
then again... i don't trust the ginger fucker...
i'm starting to suspect he scratched or bit my ear...
yeah, the cat.
+ listening to some <em>gregorian chants</em>,
or <em>templar cantos</em>... like the pope said...
fuck me... always the <em>choir boys</em>... or the women
that always seem to woo...
then again... <em>aby w yciu by smaczek,
raz dziewczynka, raz chopaczek</em>...
i won't translate that...
o.k., i'll summarie it... <em>bisexualism</em>;
but between the pleasure of a woman moaning
and listening to the choir "boys"...
i'd say: i'd rather listen to the latter;
and... a bachelor's dearest apoligies to express, vas (thus).
One can only cuss outright
if they are classy as fuck, amiright?
out of the mouths of babes
no longer satisfactory, butlaughable
oh how I wish I'd lived
in the time of sailors and pirates
when those words identified
the dialect of old
one no one rather liked, but
interesting all the same
for it came from months
drifting
creative minds
expressive of the inklings of emotion they allowed
vulgur, profane words
but someone took the time to make them up
so shouldn't they be reserved for the more creative
the more classy
and not from the mouths of middle school babes?
He was born in the rendezvous of a clap of thunder
and a shooting star, fully grown and bigger than
a mountain. When they asked him who he was,
he said, <em>A Wanderer</em>, and when they asked where
he came from, he said, <em>She left me</em>, and no more.
But he was ravenous, ate splintering trees with all
their monkeys and birds and lizards, then washed
them down with murky rivers teeming with fish and
frogs and crocodiles. Soon the once-green valley was
a bony desert, and still he wanted more, so he cracked
his teeth on salty boulders, then swept his fingers
across the soil, creating massive tributes to his hunger-
fueled ruin in the soil and licking the grit off of each
digit, savoring the bitter zest of his destruction.
And when his throat was caked, they pointed to
the ocean, and he ranan earthquaketo the
gloomy deep. He made himself a bed down there
of slime and old shipwrecks, slurping squid
and jellyfish until the day that she comes back.
ummmmmmmm, he lit up our screens when he appeared on against the wind
ummmmmmmmm, where he created the song six ribbons
ummmmmmmmm, he had such great songs such as turn the page and hollywood seven
ummmmmmmmm, as well words are not enough and hot town
ummmmmmmmm, he played bobby rivers in the hit show all together now
ummmmmmmmm, he was in pirates of penzance and jesus christ superstar as judas
ummmmmmmmm, he was in big river are you being served dads army and paris on the great stage
ummmmmmmmm, he played pontiffs on his second jesus christ superstar
ummmmmmmmm, he appeared on hairspray and sparnalot where he played king arthur
ummmmmmmmm, he won heaps of awards like the logies and entertainer of the year at the mo awards
ummmmmmmmm, he was a talented man but now its time to be sent off to his next life
ummmmmmmmm, john, you will be sadly missed by us all
ummmmmmmmm, its a shame to lose such a wonderful entertainer and person
ummmmmmmmm, ummmmmmmmm, ummmmmmmmm, ummmmmmmm,
buddha will give you the perfect next life for such a great entertainer
( Sonnet )*
I once caught you naked by the sea,
No one noticed, such noble shyness,
Invited to worlds, aloof as sun breeze,
Of purple sands, heathered highness.
In novae of your eyes was shipwreck,
Forlorn beacon chiding the weary lost
Of new worlds lumbered on the decks,
Seabirds caroled up wing, heavens' loft.
Skin, fleshy of netted eel, salt and foam,
Was hide for a brigand, lubbers sessions,
Sheered by sheen, blinding sky of gloam,
Stars runged on their draped processions.
My seal, now fate, cloak within jubilance;
Coral sea wave, slips under moon dance.
If I could take you to the places
That I see I in pictures, paintings, and in my mind
I would!
And let us walk beside the sea
And find a treasure trunk or chest
Full of sparkling jewels
I would do so!
Or maybe find some gold
From the days when pirates
Hunted for ocean treasures
But sadly, they never
Knew the treasure that I hold
Most dearest to my heart
That treasure is you!
I love you with
All my heart
You are my Jade
My pearl found
In the Tropical Ocean
Where treasures are
But you are the most
Valuable treasure
Under the Tropical
Enchanted ocean
Full of magic!
!
!
!
.
.
.<em>
</em>**~Marian~
It's only 5 in the afternoon but I already want to cry
maybe my coffee will help me understand why
I have not much control of my life
the voices inside my head are all mine
but why do the words that come out from my mouth sound so different?
I feel like someone else is steering for me
someone has taken captive of the steering wheel
and I, the captain, am no longer in control of my own ship
I cannot adjust the sails, I cannot turn the boat over
It's like I have been taken hostage in my own home
as they parade it with my name printed in bold colors
Tell me, is this still mine?
I saw you on the news again, aiming lies at civilians
You work like a serf to abhor the herd, which was merged by Lords to bore and encore, like a trap door in a dungeon.
What you earth and managed has got me famished, like the dense or pretentious, the meek and the senseless
And type endings to the finest that cry less, the winos that digress, or the shyest who digest
The plate which was purchased, paid to feed liars by the loudest were poisoned by us rebels running incense to the proudest.
Violently passive when distracted, these masses wreck havoc to have their heads handed to them
Sullen sweet to deter, you lure and reserve what is versed or inferred or implied or implored
Like the goodbyed or complied or the ladies waiting with lunacy lining their luxury gowns
Your disheveled and neat demanding appearance has me locked down with pirates and principle pilots
Dulled sick, they spy less, echo with insist, enlist and exist
As terrorists and presidents
Marked with malice making misfits that were mocked and disgraced, maced or laced by daydreams and magicians to assist beggars behind blueprints constructing islands
Which make slaves in to riots that capture journalists under wide tense
To suspend or impend doom sent hell bent by your priestess
You conduct chaos with fast hints, but quit slow when engaged with your conscience
Touched by divine tricks
Decided and destined, best in business
Prince of the wise man
Captain of the compassionate
Comrades with the crack heads singing anthems in kingdoms
We are heartbreakers painting bad graffiti
Saturday morning, well armed
coffee cup and newspapers,
from days past and miracle!
even future, Sunday news,
prematurely birthed.
Content to content.
Pandora supplies the music,
outside, clouds of steam tinge,
decorate a pale blue sky,
freshwater pearls from man,
a choker to grace
nature's blue purity.
All's well, a weekend day as
God meant it to be, labor free.
Then I am weeping.
Dan Fogelberg, poet songwriter,
cancer victim, longtime gone,
weeps me into a memorable mess.
Leader of the Band,
a tribute to his father,
shipwrecks me on his
river of souls.
So much more, needs adding.
But songs end, and so do I.
But the tears keep reforming,
falling freely as I acknowledge freely,
my father too, a good man,
a cancer victim,
who led his band,
his fellow patients in the
doctor's waiting room
in spontaneous uplifting song.
I have no idea why
I was so entitled.
I have no idea
what to entitle this.
As Dan wrote/sang,
cry when you have to,
it's part of the plan.
there is so much regret upon a chest
I can't begin to comprehendhow bones have yet to break
carrying the guilt like candy in the mouth-
It's sweet
Until the sugars decay pirates what health there is left to show-
Like a kiss
Taking the sea-
Maroon ripples under the eyes of a moon
Peering with the fixation of a new born child-
Burying what thrives in it's pit-
Taking it from this world
I'll pray-
But I won't mean a word I speak to the god that never lived
And it'll take my heart to the hells that the ignorant lips speak
I'll flare within the embers of killing hands
(C) Tiffanie Noel Doro
When you look into the mirror, do you not see the newborn stars behind your eyes?
Do you not feel the weight of your own ancient gaze?
My, oh, my.
When I kiss you, I taste pine. I taste forests I have never seen, I taste water so cold that my teeth ache.
The forest floor fills my lungs with sweet, safe decay.
Sweet and safe. In your arms, I am safe.
I am a shipwreck and you are the ocean floor. You are vast and it is here, among your shifting sands, that I rest, that I find peace.
You smell of the happy parts of my childhood.
<strong>Honey, I'm home.</strong>
<strong>Baby girl.</strong>
<strong>You are a gift.</strong>
<em>You are a gift.</em>
I'm sorry that I'm crying again. I'm sorry that I don't know when I will stop.
Am I tangible at night? I hope to never become a cloud in front of you. I hope to never float away.
I know that I will stay.
<em>You are a gift.</em>
When I kiss you, I am swimming. The water is cool, the water is clear, the water is deep.
I do not fear that I might drown.
Your hands could mend mountains.
Your hands.
Strong, but so careful, so kind.
Your hands could salvage seas.
Your hands.
You glow with the misty light of dreams.
You radiate light.
You radiate light.
<em>You radiate light.</em>
It pours from your eyes.
From your heart.
Do you not see the stardust that falls from your skin?
A walking nebula.
And I am your newborn star.
Your shipwreck.
Your river.
I am yours, simply and truly.
Glass people dance in the deserts.
Warmth fills the air around them.
I think of these glass people when I miss you.
I think of their freedom.
I think of your eyes.
The newborn stars.
<em>You</em>. A walking nebula, and you don't even know it. You don't even know it.
I look for you all the time. It's silly, and irrational. But I do.
I look for you everywhere.
When I kiss you, I taste molten rock. I taste heat and debris and controlled chaos. Beautiful restraint.
I taste time in the form of an hourglass. Sand.
But not clocks. Never clocks.
<em>You are a gift.</em>
I look for you everywhere.
Your hands.
Your hands are cellists, my heart is your cello.
A walking nebula, and you don't even know it.
You don't even know it.
You found me like a shipwreck,
weathered down to the frame and
splintered by salt and storm.
You became the nails, the boards;
the rudder and the raised sails.
Your heart is my compass,
and it guides me back home.
I drank the alcohol, expecting something.
boy was I let down, when I got nothing.
No silly laughter, or grand horror story.
No youtube video, or easy talk for me.
Just a headache or two and a feeling of suffocation.
Just a scolding from people, and a dizzy sensation.
The bottle looked nice, and tv shows made it seem fun,
but after 3 gulps, I just felt like a street bum.
So I said goodbye to armpit beer,
and I assure no rose wine here.
Rum is for pirates,
much too complicated for me.
I'm done with heartache alcohol,
as you can plainly see.
the heirloomruncible spoon lies buried insand,
the tarzana kid has been accused of carelessness,
by such means
his holiday is horribly trampled,
this chided summer youth
now walks the plank,
its all pirates on the dorset coast.
Parents out of order
more bucaneer than relish
and Aunties only now kinder
by learned rote.
Ive got a lock and key, what you got? You got a door,
a shrapnel embedded cupboard
Curiously covered up that there is, do you want go out?
No I got a boyfriend, but I do have a few contraceptives
Or I could show you my funny parts and we could plateau on the platonic
Abstinence is on par with networking
Oh shipwrecks of relationships, your waters never looked safe, your shoreline so rocky,
but your sail, if you see what Im saying. Goddamn that wind a high-inducing pitch of a stank
You took me to the foreign lands and never brought me back,
a souvenir got emailed. Which I have just picked up, its actually rather beautiful,
especially if we picked it out together
It is a bullet and that is rather clich in the expectable in this sense of the world,
but the copper lining is exquisite, insert random bit about consumerism
Then spin a bit around voyeurism, then mention the outcome of the movies,
the moving bits. The back &amp; forth where it all starts
But like I said, you want a contraceptive? Or maybe just a sock? How about a porn addiction?
This really isnt a discussion we should be having,
I dont like arguing about these things and Im a transvestite and rather think they dont apply
See the bit you said was babies and the bit I said was from the bible
Jesus and Black Moses, walking down the street
Preaching for the freaks
Then the bit you said was more like, I dont know what Im saying, I mumble and moan
And think about sex and college and loans and the bit that really stuck out was

Babies, they really just freak me out.
A treasury of childhood memories
Forgotten in a pinewood box
Discovered on a rainy Sunday
Turn the key and time unlocks
~
My books, my old friends, lay before me
Restored once more to a loving hand
For cross-legged hours I turn the pages
Lost in a paper wonderland
~
The pirate ship her black flag flying
Stormy skies and salty rain
Trade winds fill the straining mainsails
A small boy sails the Spanish Main
~
Take me back to Smoky London
Baker Street buildings grimed with soot
Top hat Holmes, his coat tails flying
Come Watson, hurry, the games afoot
~
Plumed knights astride snow white horses
Virgin maidens with downcast eyes
Pooh sticks float on sleepy rivers
Under Englands smiling skies
~
Once again I tunnel the covers
Clandestine reading on a winters night
Sylvia Daisy Pouncer whispers
The wolves are running in the pale torchlight.
We were sailing on an odyssey of serendipity;
[a varary]
as life inhaled blossoming dreams;
Our souls
sipped on caffeinated guarantees of forever.
Dancing
to the susurrant aroma of our anoesis love;
My demons
silenced as your lightning strikes my spirit.
Except-
We were dry ice
[burning]
mistaking the coldhearted as fire,
passion,
held together by slumbered intertwining secrets.
Breathing,
to the yonderly rhythm of your existence:
Your demons
danced in my head to the drums of insecurities.
And yet-
We were a shipwreck of magnetic hearts
[catastrophic]
You said I lingered on the needle of your compass navigating your soul;
Cardiac Glycoside-
poisoned by the gravitational pull of our hurricane hearts.
Desire
connects our souls becoming an electric sun- an eclipse of beautiful destruction, ignites;
Our demons
dressed in lust, now sing a sweet mellifluous lullaby.
My son was just a little boy
when he started saving treasure
To him it was each man's duty
to rule by bluster and measure
<strong><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em></strong>

His heart was set on protection
of this hoard he'd kept in his bag
Filled with pride he was elated
a tough pirate who'd earned his swag
<strong><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em></strong>

I'd watch as he would sail his sloop
off to some distant hallowed land
To wrest the natives of their loot
leaving their blood upon the sand
<strong><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em></em></strong><em>

His first-mate's name had been Jack Tar
from a story that we had read
He neither asked nor gave quarter
to the clansmen who now lay dead
<strong></strong></em><strong><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em></strong>

The sloop was built of a tree house
that we had hammered for three days
Not a bad deal for a pirate
with livelihood that always pays
<strong><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em></em></strong><em>

Many a coward met his end
on the deck of the Black Jack Drake
they begged for mercy every time
but were strung up for the men's sake
<strong></strong></em><strong><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em></strong>

How wondrous is the child's mind
who dreamed of immortality
He'd leave his mark upon the world
in so doing, he then touched me
<strong><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em>_</strong>

Little could he have known back then
the paths of dreams that he had paved
Were stored within his father's heart
where they were written down and saved

Tate
Original poem and music
http://www.writerscafe.org/writing/aristate/658027/
Once upon a time mermaids exist.

And castles.
And princes.
And villains.
But never witch, and princesses.

Silverleaf stands above the bricked walls of old shops where hopes were traded for a three year memory.

The old shops breathe on the path made of leaves and twigs and wishes. It ascended to the tower that looks up to heaven forever, to the turrets which the clouds never abandon, to the place where the prince lived. With his wicked uncle.

His mother, with a hair the colour of winter and eyes where dreams lay, died after childbirth. His father whose veins were made up of stars and heart of sandcastle, was murdered in his sleep. And he, the prince, like his parents, will inevitably be killed.

When the time comes.
After he had been crowned.
Before he rules the land.

As he was young and the air was crisp and the day luminous and everything the shade of honey, the mermaid found the prince. Her scales glitter in the sun like crystals basking in summer glow. Her hair was dripped in promises. Her eyes the shade of lilac, of verse, of those people whose world has been swallowed by the sea.

She said hello to the prince.
And smiled.
And the prince fell in love.

As everything does.
Before it falls apart.

The prince went back beside the cave wall, on the stone, to meet the mermaid, day after day. He told her endless tales about burnt maps and oil lamps and treasures and pirates and chivalry. He promised her great lands, and gold. He said he'd build a vast ocean inside the palace where she would live, after he had married her. He said they would have children whose name would be the name of the remote islands, of silence, of the distant worlds and secret happiness. It was the place where he looked at her, interminably. And kissed her. And made love to her. In summer time. On the stone.

And in that moment, I swear they were infinite.

It came. The prince was hailed as the king. The greed to be fulfilled. The uncle to do the act. The death to arrive. The prince to breathe his last.

So with a sword made of glass and unicorn's tears, he stabbed the prince and twisted his heart and snapped its beat like a flower's stem. In disbelief the prince moved back. In triumph his uncle laughed. The prince's hand darted in his pocket, felt the flusk, parted his mouth, exhaled her name and locked her memory in the bottle. The prince fell down. The bottled broke and scattered themselves like confetti. His heed fluttered away from his palm, into neverwhere.

He stooped low, the uncle, and carried the dead body of the prince to the cave, beside the stone. And owned the palace and ruled the land.

The mermaid emerged from the water, held his neck, pecked on his cheek as if marking him hers, and took him to the place where every second never ceases.

And down
And down
And away
they
went.
Isolation...
I desert myself
On this deadly as pirate place...
It's grimy...as I continue to drink not champagne but poison
...but this place so familiar...
That it seems impossible to let go
It's so damn comfortable
I know every ally
Every up and every down
....and I refuse to
But then again do I have a choice...
Between life and death
....physically yea
Spiritually...still a yes
....but difficulty
Challenges
Are there to be challenged
Fear may block the passage sometimes...
But my God goes through the tunnel with me...
He is my light and my salvation
...I may be lost between life and comfort
But...
I honestly still don't know
i'll be your beer-soaked, ashed on bar,
i'll be your cloudless night sky
in january, baby.
so cold it burns.
i'll be your pirate ship
and your shores,
your weapon of mass destruction
and all the mountains i could level,
i'll be the pack of cards
we lost
under your bed.
i will be your final resting spot,
your casket and your headstone.
"Here lies someone who was
torn by love
so many times
it's a miracle we could bury his body."
honey i tried so hard to be your
candle in the sun.
light against light.
something so clean about it.
but i just got turned into
the north wind that
caresses your shoulders
on the walk to class.
not even noticeable
anymore.
not even raising goosebumps
on your
spine.
love apple like time know feel heart bed little life home red boy georgie sleep away left dear ruth gone just right long mind hope hair <em>mi</em> parts say fear met laugh makes sailing make tell hands day poem different small words private wish legs child man free <em>te</em> welcome easy apples meteorite smile flower want way arms look eyes better war lie good thing truly teeth passion thought work seen letters friend talk brought future fingers knew imagination sure told space cold<em>la</em> mask black big bite age size shadow petals inane stretchmarks medic we've wouldn't hear tap really best goes face gray maybe things dream tongue forever hate set room death need truth comes night lost calves pain end years brings touch feet blades memories new core times dead favorite finally minute brain hearts getting belly far rain blue knees filled stupid woke cream fit young brown <em>se</em> fat tan cough spoke says unlike footprints fucked rough forward buckle blues task shoulder grace breasts reason nostrils firm juice palms someday <em>mis</em> thumbs screams arguments wobble balls elbows nipples wrists headaches <em>amo</em> pesky ligaments one-liners thoughts later ash clouds lips dreams breath mouth hold sense taking world bit speak dance gave shall ready skin air single breathe button peace choices hill wrong weak close use quite sky phrase darkness justice sound unable brave holding deep grabbed shit try building paper lunch think kind stay days smooth perfect learned care fair hard grant sweet high fruit short terms kept relationship underneath presence water looking fool sorrow tree second delicate nearly happy line tall tried sad satisfied point feels falling purpose game lazy <em>que</em> <em>amor</em> agree known naught loss broke failed games limp grin final spring act south flare race sake car large wishes neck blink knife seeing idea steve company greens spread ship lo sally sum drowned december weep sting smiles lessons promises successful whistled drowns perfectly pleasing failure brothers cliche harder thirteen ale signs limit serenity mundane origin chat sapphires handshakes skinny contagious succeeding super refer maturity destination civil uncomfortable collects clack liz beatles <em>vez</em> attract accomplishment backside throes flaccid audi oneself beastie applesauce naivete bungalow outie there's couldn't isn't they're let's 'n <em>primos</em> <em>primas</em> <em>cantuta</em> fronton redd's mott's innie phallicly tiny fight <em>yo</em> <em>para</em> walk damn hello light flash silent stone does forth conversation polite green minutes fuck clear flesh couple wake anger throw torn tangle play shattered soldier land victim carry battlefield came darkest blood battle warm shine reminds lose eye dismay hide impossible fast earth grab stand die worse year people white story hit god anxiety realize fall asleep dark course apart morning remain beauty kill slowly start happen remember pray past easily straight mean hand driving instant thunder messages friends old coming pen seeds shape wasted word living tore shadows knowing bad class joy trust leaves path sun ways leave meet broken head weight means mountain boys true stars learn sliced naive decided player actually reality ease music hood desperate promise wishing begin miss caressing moan thighs heard pretty emotion figure floor exotic sand hits angel awake dreaming probably wins seek stretch loved tears heartbreak punk walking piece furniture unreachable roots near deserve simple cats tail precious lovers loves mother tongues clueless share taken yesterday faith freedom ripe cursed running yes unknown feeling going stairs opposite wonder afloat packed bones acting playing wind passions dismissed hourglass reached stares mouths singing shaped trapped toll dies rock trunk discovered especially dull choice awful patient great indoors attached thread shoulders warms bright bring ending drowning sadness winter baby looked cute beating tight kids crying ran intoxicating growing saying opposites melancholy gives follow clearly dove <em>tu</em> soon entwined juicy drown laid took moved bear anyways shirt negative clean guide sore location faux nodded glance caught chances week started today obvious sweat ass quiet laughed worry round ladies <em>mama</em> smack goodbye rising sides wished beds infinite positive scared admittedly mistakes meal common rises toes bullets bound suited birth clothes belt pounds ground barren sitting table woe swimming stick deepest motion cleared sing angry action sons smiled bedroom wall wiped grins mad july store road snow pulse important adventure exactly foundation trap colors floors neon outside language summer north fifty served wavy kick raw thirty row changed hanging lied drenched companion begins strength flies direction okay stories inky stubborn cloud track described lover replaced pit packs circling honest wage dinner slave paradox faking screamed lightning exterior stopping complete deal rifle dependent gifts dancer vision students horror punch anymore pack sagging folk honestly tearing prepared creatures listening rhythm unique roar card glass stage desert offered fought suffer awoke master eating furnace glad choir graceful erect treasure ships bark musical strand bee finished pink slink stronger disclose gravity schedule march medicine hates weird brush laughs helped june pitched dumped tense sin withdrawn stem proved whispered anew amazing louder english knocked chilly boots false mistake toffee whistle smirk gas poised buttons bet necks elate<em>vi</em> bleak decades intention plane swollen unseemly <em>en</em> sir creeping tells success doth sex balance ant fourth fits matters pan shook tingle dusty reaching thanked careers pile tempt ix xi xii xiii moms hushed spears twinkling works fairytale double fighter shocked barriers boot thanks solitary lesson owned systems groan weekend tomatoes cider calculating drawer partially handy stumpy album appealing pet unfortunately jokingly hotel teacher tag eighteen leg dash peep betwixt swear attempt inescapable venues worker suit coughed remembers rhyme listed chatter stuff assist blocks sheen stanzas jobs cleaned handshake natural <em>moi</em> fantasy cheers smaller curl nay leaning frequent eggs <em>cuando</em> <em>el</em> <em>desayuno</em> <em>tus</em> beige imperfections difficult darlings overcome oranges keys newfound fairly occasions stats ponder pools ablaze rushes fret quell breads progress comfortable settling desks tile trails rainy homemade stunned cemetery plus ideas <em>avocados</em> bananas apply latch rocky digress experiences vacation sanctuary earlier rocket precise various author pie explosions screwed lighter matched plunged isaac jefferson abe measured saturday claw welcoming gear trained suffocation leapt gap lee disturbed <em>es</em> thrill alarming grill frankly importantly <em>una</em> fray candied amalgamation nasty american optimism guns craters contracted rampant unattainable spilled courts carrots shuffled combined blonde forgave artillery sandwich comfier limitation personalities friday strongly crude banana tennis limits quaking recesses loot andromeda shells playful luckily area upwards flail largest sappy freckles biology fruition cases overtook pinks instruments brownies birthmark reinforce laptop pirates blinks frontier forwards resonate capacity mumbled marched scraping prompts multiply haiku football <em>como</em> function unfeeling eighty backsides prompt raced blare likewise pro chrome <em>gran</em> pears <em>puede</em> <em>corazon</em> elated indecisive basketball burgundy synonyms braced effeminate mutually duties companies honeymoon flailing patted mayo headon <em>pero</em> <em>misma</em> marveled aforementioned abhors forefront hesitating identical creepy possessive screeched gotcha infidelity friction barrage nonetheless disparate itchy apex gettysburg lunchtime pickup <em>muchas</em> then and trading distinguishable pitches bunk <em>ven</em> ladylike encompasses diagrams underlying spaghetti soccer trashcan <em>papa</em> disarming <em>finalmente</em> clashed rosie smirks snapshot pug songbird spitfire yanks thankfully <em>mesa</em> flexing virginia effectively variations eclipses <em>tambien</em> outrun incident vitamin willpower underdog hardboiled miniscule checkerboard entrust <em>siento</em> heavyweight davis thyroid foreshadowing <em>frances</em> heresy starburst deficiency sawing peruvian <em>leche</em> antithesis villanelle alliteration <em>hora</em> vivir clacking droopy whizzed britney <em>futbol</em> parameters disney mangos disproportionate orbiting tanka stubby intro <em>listo</em> goldilocks teamwork pbj exemplifies <em>rey</em> retainer <em>tenia</em> <em>triples</em> <em>espanol</em> <em>estuvo</em> <em>castillo</em> ferrying <em>suficiente</em> racecar dorky <em>garganta</em> <em>veo</em> julio peripherals <em>labios</em> <em>rojos</em> foreseeable <em>frito</em> groggily venn macbook inanely <em>hubo</em> goofball you've she's weren't wasn't we're others' you'll should've haven't what's you'd they'd man's boys' god's woman's fruit's orion's newton's lincoln's adam's momma's <em>gringo</em> jackson's audis <em>dulces</em> disproportionately charon's <em>deseos</em> avocadoes hailey <em>eran</em> beatles' <em>ingles</em> he she it rackets -- hashtag sixty-three duct-tape joysticks sherman's 15 6th 32 500 7th 2013 <em>extrao</em> barenaked <em>tamales</em> 6-year-old <em>tierras</em> derpy ewell rom-com themit's <em>adan</em> mudpits puddlepits war--hell culp's shitpits <em>completaron</em> <em>chocolatada</em> <em>levantanse</em> <em>duraznos</em> n'sync <em>huevo</em> <em>cholitos</em> <em>levantaron</em> <em>manzanas</em> <em>endurece</em> wozniak's <em>dispara</em> <em>nuez</em> open-endedness innies cankles dunder-mifflin tunks buck-toothed outies grief-blown a-gawking
(Geraldine was talking with Frederick.
Geraldine said,)
''I think you need a new community to live; our marriage
Is, somehow, atypical; '' '' you're a paradox; you're afraid
Of the unknown, but these extremes are all you cherish.''
''Life on this ship is an extreme, where we cry to God for aid.''
Frederick said,
''I know the suffering you had endured after losing your
Father hindered your life, but if you want to start overcoming
Your fears, it's helpful to understand that this love can cure
Your woe; '' ''I need a family and this happiness becoming
Geraldine continued,
A part of my life; I want everything to be well done,
And therefore, to avoid the complications. You know me
Well as a husband and you're more responsible than anyone
I've met in my life; '' ''You need harmony, which helps you be
Frederick continued,
Dynamic enough to maintain a cheerful atmosphere
Around me even in extreme situations; you have
An instinct, a sense of premonition and, my dear,
Our child will be dreamy and pensive as you; Yahveh
Frederick continued,
Blessed this marriage; sometimes, it's hard to live with your irony
When you argue and try to influence my final decisions
While exploiting my weaknesses and my love; it's funny
That I'm heedless and confused by my own new illusions.
Frederick continued,
You pay attention very closely to everything that
Happens around us; '' ''I think we were a little unlucky
Because we've started this business with a few money, but
We ensured the protection of life though our ship broke down quickly.
Geraldine continued,
I appreciate that you value the life and pay for
The healing of the employees instead of replacing them.
You are sensitive and good and this is why I love you more.
The child reacts when you're near him; he plays a transparent game.
Geraldine continued,
You succeed precisely due to your dignity; your friends
Do not betray you, but help you a lot; '' ''I like the teamwork
Made of experienced friends, because friendship never ends.
I didn't experience sailing, but this issue I could burke.
Geraldine said,
''I think we couldn't avoid this implacable destiny.
You must cease to believe in predictions and premonitions
And start to accept the consequence and its brevity
That follows from your reasoning when you want high positions.''
Frederick replied. Geraldine said,
''I start to get angry when someone is lying to me,
But, generally, I'm very much like Maya; '' ''You're quite
Skeptical while needing compelling arguments; to be
Like she means to accept yourself as you are without a fight.
Frederick continued,
You're dramatic and seductive because of your jealousy,
Which is unbearable because of your prejudices
That hurt me; '' ''I let my regret embrace your melancholy.
I flee from danger and complications; '' ''I'm not a Judas.
Replied Frederick.
You don't have the courage to change your life and you want me to
Make an effort to change the destiny of our family.
When you have to cope with bad situations, you prefer to go
Back to the life you had lived though it had meant agony.
Frederick continued,
You could be a victim of an abuse or of a forced marriage.
As a wife, you should respect some unwritten laws that were
Primitive and barbaric when your man looked to discourage.
You need this match, but you don't know the vintage it can confer.''
(to be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Wife
Pirates
Life
never lead a pirate,
never command a gull.
sailors will sail
and seashells will glare like the moon,
while rough reefs quietly lead the captain.
Oh! Remember that time with the guy in the place?
He had a blue jacket, the one with the face?
We were walking some street, on a simple quest,
To find chicken nuggets, and a place to rest
We had just watched a tape, oh what was it called?
The guy had blond hair or brown? Or, was he bald?
People were jamming around the subway station
I wish I could remember, darn conflagration!
Or that other time, when we tried to surprise,
But clever you would already surmise
And we searched every crevice, of that jungle-y zoo
While lil wandering kinds came up to you
Because you had a cool t-shirt and we did not
I shall always remember that very spot.
Or that average day, specifics Ill not say
That we were doing some papier-mch
And days, or weeks, or months, or later
When, you had a dream about an alligator
(it was actually a crocodile)
I brought you a present, ever so small
And with a knife, shiny and tall
We designed a marvelous work of art
Who could imagine that it would explode apart?
Or that other afternoon, we spent in the prickers
Jumping over annoying brown stickers
And tossing around a-- , Ill say no more
Who would care, we werent keeping score
As red, yellow, orange were falling from above
Because we made them with a shove
And bagels and comics were lying around
As TV commercials played in the background
Hey, remember those times when we were so little
At the front desk, my head came up to the middle
When there were only original Pokmon
And you had a different house and lawn
I miss our games of trust, they were lots of fun
When all that we did was laugh and run
I remember drinking tea in the outside air
And sitting in a big red van praying for God us to spare
I recall Sand and flairs and quote
As we were digging our pirate moat
I enjoy our profound discussions and your denial
Of us doing anything but homework, while
We kill each other in the asphalt road at night
Act ridiculous in all the sight
Of people at Food Max, and you are jealous
Of old guys jogging, what befell us?
When Catherine is dancing with Russians and hasnt energy to type
I will mumble under my breath and force her to skype
I know we both suffer without her sarcasm, bright
Your melodious tone is absent where you guys used to fight
Ah! Fond remembrance of backstage flashes
Of hairspray stiff wigs, sticky floors, and sweat on mustaches
Some day we will look back on all we have done
And think of each smile, each day under the sun
Well tell horrid stories to all of our kids
Of hiking through snow, eating rocks and some twigs
Somewhere, in that place, where there is no time,
There still is no Starbucks to spend our dime
But I think that now will be better than then
If we only can forget the how and when
There is no one but God who gets you and me
For who would subscribe to our philosophy
As we laugh half an hour over a crime just planned
Or a stupid movie that we watch On Demand
I think to myself, as red eyes fill with pus
That no one else thinks quite like us.
11/13/10
i have a break at 12 o clock
will you please come over
you dont have to knock
ill leave the door open
it will be unlocked
a bouquet of flowers
ill have in stock
a vase and a candle
a knife and a blade
a face and a cigarette
its all about the way we explain
i mean rationalize away
do time lines justify our decline into tyranny
send me back again to sublime infancy
retrofit the celibate instigator
lemniscate the elephants fingerprints
impress me with wit and charm
storm troopers unarmed
star-gazers, shadow-haters, sand-blasters, ice-skaters,
morning's lovers, fathers, daughters, shoulders and elbows
rub brows and crease foreheads
wrinkles in your timelines
define lines as destiny unwinds
reminds me of blinding light
the heights of old empires
sire warriors stories as tall as soldiers
for real heal the split between mind and body
kindly, lovingly, bump up against me
and kiss me again
i am music fused together with eternity
space and dust rusted armpits
a hundred diamonds, drops of sweat
skin like leather, weatherproof, foolproof too
determine to use it all
for you are the muse of all
do as you need to
fuse it together lest it come apart again
return to heaven and mend the tear
split the hair or the atom
magic is language
tragic is the cancerous neglect of syntax
emptiness is manic
gargantuan attacks of presence
defenseless we are taught worthless shit
neglect it but remember important words
stories, looms of drawings
forming in my minds eye
i cannot be bought or controlled by pirates
the best moments are private
you are not invited
so go home and create your own zone of entertainment
its necessary
your gentle fingers
blessing my soul
courage to roll with lifes blows
no need for stoics
or poets who deny realitys arguments
slippery slopes
walking tight ropes
can you cope with all this mistletoe
restring your bow
dance in the snow as if everyone knows
you are crazy in love with the whole
motionless vision swift as an arrow
roofless rooms
prom queens flip you off and turn you on
sons and daughters, lions of the prairie
a child portable and small
respects the walls that youve made
they are not your cage but your shelter
self culture affluent not arrogant
sand mandalas tall as waterfalls
golden rainbows pour from the faucet in the sky
like mighty images
wisdom bridges the gaps in our imagination
i cant wait to get this on the page
written in stone, reflecting thrones
made from the bones of pharaohs
consciousness narrows as you approach
are you a cockroach, coach or a student
strokes of wonder for different folks
cold call your own homes
do you prioritize lightning over thunder
words over rubber
sandwiches to clutter
are you interested in diamonds or other
precious gemstones
that flutter like butterflies when i utter
emeralds like butter
do you waste time arranging your clutter
stuttering utter nonsense
frequencies wasted, gentleness chased away
fantasies radioactive
magic lacks targets
darkens our fathers
keep chasing actions
satisfaction is attractive
your eyes are like fragments of rubies in the fire
i see beauty in desire, features in the sky
i look skyward and see higher
minds are wired to remain stagnant
stranded in a lack of entertainment
change this and make your own amazement
wonder over thunder, lick me down under
gone asunder like the burning acropolis
topple this bottomlessness
can't stop this, its impossible
i wonder do you make blunders
in underground mountains
we shout words like fountains shoot water
curtains topple over
and form a blanket over our consciousness
after our performances
swarms of crazy people leave the theater
shattered and too stunned to speak
to stoned to leak they keep walking down south
toward Plymouth Rock,
Mammoth Mountian or Rehoboth Beach
take stock of the situation and just move
first one out is rewarded
sordid and sorted like straw from the hay stacks
caskets of black iron casings
tastings of wine whose shelf-life is expired
past due cheese overripe and stinky
like mustard dusted with lightning
striking on time is all that we have
thinking that was a close call
we fall down and get up, remove the uppercuts
and lowercases from our mouths
doubt is a dirty word heard too often,
coughing from a coffin she offers me her hand
cold as ice cream, these nouns are deafening
love is lazy like a muffin
and hot like a dumpling
but a liaison with time cannot be rushed
i have lived long enough to learn this
a privilege to give birth to this moment
again and again vintage feathers
send me your sweaters
detest impostors who give robotic answers
i am in wonder at all this grammar
that i was unaware of
ignorant as mustard
and smooth like custard
in this blustery weather
i am glad i wore a sweater
and have an umbrella
to keep me dry and safe
i am in love walking toward the gate
and boarding that plane
i am your heart served on a plate
with a side of coleslaw, soul food for dinner
you are a winner and i am your hunger
a porcelain gravestone
a copper bathtub with claws
stored in your basement
storerooms cold as a skating rink
please don't think, unless its about me
let sentences drift away
while we chase arguments from yesterday's
armistice
Ladies look upon the pier
Who is he?
Rubbing the sea saline tenderly
Across you face
He comes once a year
Craving for your scent
As the night falls
Gentle winds pour
A fragrance of aquatic sand
Sprinkling into your dream
Drifting into his world
Loving and caressing
While falling deeper into his mist
A voyage of suspense
Clings on your very edge
Awaken yourself swiftly
As he escapes
To a ship
Leaving you basking
With a lusting trace
Marking your very soul
How can a sea creature love an innocent maiden?
Focus on the ocean
While his lustful adoration comes your way
Some nights as I fall asleep,
There is music that plays in my head.
It is soft and melodic and sad,
And it is never the same.
Upon waking, sometimes I find
The music is still there, lingering
On the edge of my conscious memory.
But I can't make my hands write the notes
down.
I'd sing it for you but
I cannot sing for an orchestra and
It would not be the same.
I compose unwritten symphonies
In the back of my tiger mind, conduct
Strange and ethereal orchestras, become maestro,
Master of the music, queen of the opera,
Of the stage of the whole world if I want,
I can become anything, anyone -
I am a pirate on the high seas, I am a dragon
Soaring over Albion, I am a snowflake,
A child, an action hero, an astronaut,
I am beautiful and powerful and strange
I am hideous and weak and sad
I am all, and none, and the music reaches it crescendo,
The seas of my subconscious roil and churn,
My story reaches its fever pitch and
In bursts the dawn.
And all that was created is destroyed,
The music lost to hand that can't write it down,
A throat that can't sing it out.
Some nights there is only the sound of my breath
And the sirens in the distance as I fall asleep.
But some nights, I hear music.
most of the internet seems like a wild west
in terms of copyright laws...
i only came across <em>one</em> website,
where you can't simply <em>copy &amp; paste</em>
the content... which is a shame...
yes, it's a canadian website...
but let's stage a <em>contra</em>...
against the mp3 generation pirates,
beginning with <em>napster</em>...
ever fiddle with the album sleeve
of pearl jam's <em>vitalogy</em>?
i know the vinyl snobs are
out there, saying how much superior
they are...
but this c.d. sleeve?
it's like touching very well crafted leather...
so much for mp3...
oh, and the <em>binaural</em> booklet?
fuck me, that's a wonder too,
you just start getting <em>itchy fingers</em>,
like i remember getting, when i was a kid,
and other kids used to play with my toys,
esp. the NES (nintendo 8-bit)...
i'd just get these itchy fingers...
two major games?
obviously mario bros
but then there was this duck-shooting game,
where you'd cheat, and walk up to the television
screen and start shooting...
fuck me, that's really getting touchy feely...
like i said, memory can be a great cinema.
sure, the romance, they are the new gods,
Paris, Rome, Barcelona (don't ask me about Madrid,
too royal),
a Venetian mask i would don, and become the quixote fighting treadmills rather than windmills -
although to Rome i have not walked
for my footsteps to encounter the pave,
but in the Venetian pirate lair, plunderers of Byzantium
i have set foot on, at the same time to have learned
of the number 613 near a synagogue and heard the shofar.
Paris (not the Trojan) is the cliche synonym of Eros -
elsewhere Gemini: St. Petersburg as the Amsterdam
of the north, and Edinburgh as the Athens of the north.
well, such a verse does indeed desire
more translation of Horace,
as in <em>nimis ex vos, sed non satis ex "ego"</em>,
yes, "ego" the abstract component of you that's
free from the three tier psychoanalytical bullshit,
what superego, what id? forget it! there's only you
and only "you" - work with me:
too much out of you, but not enough
from your alter (synonym of "ego" -
Jungian shadow porridge);
but as promised, yet more Horace
<em>deus inmortalis haberi dum cupit Empedocles
ardentem frigidus Aetnam insiluit.
sit ius liceatque perire poetis:
invitum qui servat, idem facit occidenti.
nec semel hoc fecit nec, si retractus erit,
iam fiet homo et ponet famosae mortis
amorem. nec satis adparet, cur versus factitet,
utrum minxerit in patrios cineres an triste
bidental moverit incestus: certe furit ac velut
ursus, obiectos caveae valuit si frangere clatros,
indoctum doctumque fugat recitator
acerbus; quem vero arripuit, tenet occiditque
legendo, non misura cutem nisi plena
cruoris hirudo.</em>
but of course i'll translate, but prior in dogmatic proposals...
keep the book of revelation of the ,
discard the rest... the four primers are a parody of
the tetragrammaton - so gentle in his own land
yet such a vicious serpent in Egypt? which one's the fraud?
messiah of just hanging, standing still,
40 years in the desert or 40 hours on the cross?
and all that iconoclasm and modern too via narcissism?
"bring out the selfie shtick! oh wait... my hands are
nailed to a fucking crux!" and this persistent 2000 year old
negation - and being spared, the Romans, or
rather the <em>alphabetum</em>, Roma est mort but you
can still ask the italians of a cappuccino - Chino and
Khaki elsewhere with the Lombardy League ponce
rubbing shoulders with Saxons... Chino Versace
whistle at a Bella... you can still see c b g long after
and the coliseum in ruins... it wasn't swallowed up!
i too though the second H in the tetragrammaton was
intended as a dj vu - it would sit perfectly with
anti-, the concept, but not the man as such,
and indeed the Y would make a perfect tree of Golgotha
in that tweaked geometric, then W and seas
and continuance - Roma alphabetum, sole constructor
of computer robot? maybe... but you see, the H
is a slippery slope, it's silent, like in Khaki... or
as is the usual case in Hindu - Dhal... it's not so much
dj vu but silence - a necessary surd to make spelling
<em>pretty</em>... dyslexics think spelling is a bit like arithmetic...
it's actually an aesthetic, but they do find it as hard as
arithmetic, and that's why they're genius at numbers...
but the aesthetics is missing, so they cling to numbers
and the aesthetic is missing, and everything associated
with money... well, it's a bit ugly, isn't it?
... (postponed translation)... yes, London is Hades...
doom and gloom.
but indeed the Gemini in the tetragrammaton,
but first the principle of three-dimensional space (Y) -
just look into one of the corners of a cube (yes
the room you're sitting in),
and lastly the principle of waves, whichever,
sine or cosine as you will, looks better that way
than mediating the <em>ad infinitum</em> of 1, 2, 3 etc.,
sea and constant fluxes (fluctuations),
pin-point the opposite, the principle of one-dimensional
space (a definite coordinate, rather than three-dimensional
space and that bloody indefinite coordinate) and
subsequent ripples, which aren't necessarily waves:
my tools? a- and -theand every other ism
that might act as an auxiliary attach - time (W).
but indeed the anti- implementation that serves as
direct Gemini chiral-ism: the latter serves no close
resemblance to be guided to Golgotha,
hence guided toward Megiddo, and a crucifix also there?
damn such religiosity twice over with its vortex,
as promised the Horace translation
<em>Empedocles, desirous of godliness in being so,
having icily strutted toward old age and by
old age near frozen, was prophesied to jump
into flaming Etna. as they want, let the poets
have a right to a death (of their choosing).
who whomever against his will saves,
twice-over rattles the suicide's intentions.
it hasn't been the first time, it's not that easy
to say it: i am human. he wants to immortalise
himself, fame posthumously. he writes poems.
why? maybe he urinated on his father's grave,
maybe in a place basked by throngs he took
from it the vices and in solitude became
desolate with inherited uncleanliness of urbanity?
like a bear with scars, prison bars he breaks open,
scares off the wise and the foolish, such
the adamant nature of compulsive poetic labour,
whoever he grasps with recitations he
finishes off, the leech attached to his skin will
not fall off, until satiated with enough blood.</em>
**dicam Siculique poetae narrabo interitum.
After all the pieces have fallen, what remains is our finale - a send off to defeat.
Pirates and preachers beget rotting skeletons.
Monuments to sanity crumble.
What do you get when you peer intoyourself?
A state beyond recognition - fueled by lunacy - feeding on trauma.
<em>Drag the blade lengthwise through the exposed veins to maximize blood loss</em>
After all the pieces have fallen, no one can appreciate the struggle - the chaos.
I've fed on their angst and walked them to the void.
Like sparrows in plastic wrap eating cigarette butts.
<em>Wind the rope seven times to facilitate a properly broken neck</em>
How can you resist my influence after so many hardships? The audacity.
I picked you up from broken fragments of glass and stone.
From overused needles - from carpets scoured to exhaustion.
Inside the crevices lie an escape beyond comprehension.
A fragile rejection of reality.
<em>A fall less than two hundred feet can't guarantee a terminal impact</em>
After all the pieces have fallen, only the cream rises to the top - tainted with sinew.
The weakest links are exhausted, entire walls give way - a blas explanation.
A pittance for shedding membranes, red mud and black eyed swan songs.
An affront to a cosmic implausibility.
Good enough, right?
<em>Firearms with a scattering buckshot marginalize the risk of survival</em>
Forced, violated, aggravated - salutations.
Compromised, demoralized - left for dead with bloody thighs.
After all the pieces have fallen, these remains are still breathing - our critical failure.
<em>Vehicles, overdoses and drowning are neither reliable nor quick</em>
But after all the pieces have fallen, you can take your pick.
Whirring engine churning and intense,
attacking and attracting, darting, roaming,
soaring and buzzing flower-flyer!
She brings stings and brilliant things,
a pirouetting pirate in creation's dance!
She stores a golden sweetness
in a web of dripping delight!
Bee brings both a savor succulent and
the stinging pain of her penetrating poison.
But without this rose-and-thorns creature,
without this death-and-resurrection bee-ing,
We do not taste the joy of nature's nectar!
Oh, exquisite Bee, make my heart your hive!
I pray your splendid industry to penetrate
me, under the skin, to infuse my sanguine veins
with your honey-suckle life!
Two vessels afloat,
Lost at sea.
Fading beacon of fragmented promises.
Shun and shine among the raging waves.
Awaiting to get washed away or break among the corroding rocks.
Whom hold history of a ghost traveling through the past, present, and lingering in the future.
Waiting to collide
Shipwreck, shipwreck,
The sirens sing .
Caged in a prison, high on a hill, actions ensued but didnt quite fit the bill
Words of not-always transformed promises to forever,
Side by side, naught to hide,
despite the cloudy weather
A friend, a rock, a ship almost wrecked was looking to dock
Alone in the harbour, under the moonlight,
Ashamed,
The half-wreck shone bright for what it was famed.
Tough stains were covered, remains left undiscovered to be smothered by another
Heart still full of what was before, keen, loveful pursuers already knocking at the door
Cabin wide open: Ahoy mateys! Ahoy!
She soon set sail with the innocent boy.
Tides were rolling on peacefully by, some of them were low tides but mainly they were high,
When in need there was a shoulder upon which to cry
And the girl thought the boy would help her get by.
Way out at sea on a tropical isle the boy showed the girl daemons not seen in a while
Opened her up and dove right in, illustrated the flaws of reacting to whims
Open
Broken
Alone at sea,
the boy turned his back as she fell to her knees
Floundering, drowning, thrashing in the waves
The girl succumbed to what her daemon craves
Underwater tears remain unobserved
A not-so-sly Fox spoke of acts undeserved
An unsure girl, curled up, abashed
Covered up the act and watched her daemon be tamed
A ship in the darkness, a ship under the stars
Saved the girl and craved the girl and hoped she knew right
And Oh! How she flourished in this dependable new light
Love and peace, me mateys!: a new reason to fight
The boy on his island, soon to return,
Will see that the shipwreck upon which they met, though
not
yet
quite
perfect
Trawls the coast to find an isle of its own
And though different to first-envisaged, Bristol shall be its home.
morrissey said "to die by your side is such a heavenly way to die" and donnie darko said "every living creature on earth dies alone"
and maybe we're thrusting ourselves ourselves into the unknown
but from what i know the birds tell us stories with their wings and the sky is a lot more beautiful than his hands ever were to me and the overgrowth in the woods holds more passion than my eyes do some nights
when we walk through this world, we are doing so alone
to die on your own is a way most people don't want to go.
we have shipwrecks in our hearts and thunderstorms under our fingernails and sometimes i swear to god i can hear the rain in your exhale and highways never come to a complete end so why should we
comatose linked to these tombstones and the way you never understood what her eyes were saying when her lips couldn't move
i keep thinking back to the sunday mornings i found god in and i see the exasperation staining my knees from all the pleas i was sending back to me
maybe we have to see our own blood on the pale white concrete before we can understand what love is or what the sunset really means and i guess i'm saying i lost so many parts of me that i mopped up the blood and rung it out into the veins of a creature you'll never meet
to die in the passengers seat of a car with your heart on your sleeve and their saliva still on your lips is the way most people want to give death it's first kiss
we are brooding through the wavelengths of familiarity and unfamiliarity all at once and we chant deja vu when we meet someone new because they say the last thing you see when you die is those you love so what do we do when we kill the things we once knew and love all things brand new
to die by my own side is such a heavenly way to say goodbye.
Week One.
Possible reasons why she left you:
1. She was abducted by aliens
2. She turned into a mermaid
3. She joined a group of pirates
Week Two.
Possible reasons why she left you:
4. She won the lottery
5. She was a secret princess
6. She works for MI6
Week Three.
Possible reasons why she left you:
7. She met someone else
8. She doesnt love me
9. She never did
Week Four.
Possible reasons why she left you:
10. She didn't feel loved.
11. She had enough.
12. She's emotionally drained.
Week Five.
Possible reasons why she left you:
13. She forgot who she was in the relationship.
14. She realised you were a boy and not a man.
15. You didn't support her growth as a human being.
Week Six.
Possible reasons why she left you:
16. She never got attention she truly deserves. She's fed up of "what's up" and emoticons.
17. Everything is all about you. Nothing is ever about her.
18. She loves herself too.
i feel like i'm floating away and the metaphors and lies are the only things that stay grounded
and all the empty promises are not getting counted
but how can i be honest when the words feel like puzzles where the pieces never fit?
i'm so tired of feeling like i'm drowning in my bullshit.
i've written a bucket full of poems about me and you,
but not of them feel real, feel true.
the true metaphors and phrases that i need to sew together are sailing on a pirate ship
in terrifying weather
and they're lost at sea
but please
if you could just forget all the thoughts that bloom because of me then maybe
you'll be happy.
i'd anchor myself to the creaveses of your brain if i had the courage
and didn't pretend to love pain
but you're a story i'm too scared to finish
but i'll let you be my shooting star
when the day is at last diminished.
When the doors of perception are cleansed
Things will appear as they are:
Infinite.
William Blake
There are things known
and there are things unknown,
and in between are the doors.
Jim Morrison
Moment of inner freedom
when the mind is opened &amp; the
infinite universe revealed
&amp; the soul is left to wander
dazed &amp; confusd searching
here &amp; there for teachers &amp; friends.
People need Connectors
Writers, heroes, stars, leaders
To give life form.
A childs sand boat facing
the sun.
Plastic soldiers in the miniature
dirt war. Forts.
Garage Rocket Ships
Ceremonies, theatre, dances
To reassert
Tribal needs and memories
a call to worship, uniting
above all, a reversion,
a longing for family and the
safety magic of childhood
A man rakes leaves into
a heap in his yard, a pile,
and leans on his rake and
burns them utterly.
The fragrance fills the forest
children pause and heed the
smell, which will become
nostalgia in several years.
An angel runs
Thru the sudden light
Thru the room
A ghost precedes us
A shadow follows us
And each time we stop
We fall
The Endless quest a vigil
of watchtowers and fortresses
against the sea and time.
Have they won? Perhaps.
They still stand and in
their silent rooms still wander
the souls of the dead,
who keep their watch on the living.
Soon enough we shall join them.
Soon enough we shall walk
the walls of time. We shall
miss nothing
except each other.
No one thought up being;
he who thinks he has
Step forward
The Crossroads
a place where ghosts
reside to whisper into
the ears of travelers &amp;
interest them in their fate
Hitchhiker drinks:
I call again on the dark
hidden gods of blood
-Why do you call us?
You know our price. It
never changes. Death of
you will give you life
&amp; free you from a vile
fate. But it is getting late.
-If I could see you again
&amp; talk w/ you, &amp; walk a
short while in your company,
&amp; drink the heady brew
of your conversations,
I thought
-to rescue a soul already
ruined. To achieve respite.
To plunder green gold
on a pirate raid &amp; bring
to camp the glory of old.
-As the capesman faces
poisoned horns &amp; drinks
red victory; the soldier,
too, w/ his trophy, a
pierced helmet; &amp; the
ledge-walker shuddering
his way into inward grace
-(laughter) Well, then. Would
you mock yourself?
-No.
-Soon our voices must become
one, or one must leave.
There was preserved
in her
The fresh miracle
of
surprise.
open
The Night is young
&amp; full of rest
I cant describe
the way shes dressd
Shell pander to some strange
requests
Anything that you suggest
Anything to please her guest
Miles of highway pass me by.
So many beautiful places.
Yet apon nights reflection I cannot even try.
She waits down near that red Georgia clay.
So many names to recall.
But only one brings a tear to my eyes to say.
Jasmine scented dreams hang like spanish moss
in my mind.
My soul does linger apon a southern shore
for the one I could never leave behind.
Ive travled the four corners
From the lights of Vegas to isolation of planes Montana.
I can forget all but my sweet savannah.
People many inviting yet none lure me to stay.
All night dinners frequent flyers.
loving like madmen only to vanish with the day.
We are pirates of land.
Giving all sacrfice the soul.
The tramps of being in demand.
Should I stray to oceans view.
Cocktails by the beach front bar.
Taste of peach mixed with strawberries and bannana.
So sweet to the taste apon painted lips.
But none can ever quench the thirst.
For the sunset of savanna
The sun sets on a modest house
The elder is not present
Hes to face a whole new beast
in his dealings with humbling sickness
Erect and awake
down the curving, crooked stairs
a young man is coaxed
into sinful, despairing enlightenment
Talks of murder, travel, fame, sex, and death.
Ideas rapidly appear and vanish
Madness
Pirates with no balls
All talk and no action
Foggy reality hits me
while I am off to work
Nobody can see my wild mind
Ever
I want each step to land my foot
tangled heather
ash and soot.
And lead to where the wicked go...
where the darling schoolgirls know
when to turn with redden hue
gasping theirintact virtue.
Yet I long my footfall down-
mossy sinfully buoyant ground.
Run to meet him by the stone
kiss him on it's granite bones.
And he'll swing me wide with wonder
pirate, he'll be, ravage. plunder.
I go where all the good girls shant.
all my christian vows recant.
Yes I will meet him by the river
and onward I keep
through the creeping myrtle, creep-
and the sinners sandbox
and painted ladies swings
(where I rest my chastity case)
that's covered in leather and tied up with lace.
Delight
as I watch good girls gasp-
as I swing wide hips, wide.
Thier virgin breasts clasps.
And that night will give birth
to a wretched new way
I am wanton
and crafty
and
unwelcome at tables-where ladies
demure
and insist on "no more!"
and
need polite conversations
to endless relations.
I'll roar down that path
like a thundering herd,
like an air stream that carries the weariest bird.
I'm curved, I'm pillowed.
I'm chest out.
I'm willowed...
I'll have holes in my souls
all four of them dotted.
Or six of them spotted?
Like a cat's lives they'll feed
so that reaper, recedes.
It's this path, though, you see them?
The Glories
majestic.
Twined up the tree trunk
and my heart is arrested.
I'm put in the mind of those
sinewy women
and sin
comes in scent
where that glory blooms nightly
and clasp hold of
these moments
of recklessness tightly.
Sahn 1/12/2015
I have grown
a beard,
luxuriant
in its whiteness.
Whenever I encounter it
in my mirror,
it says, sensibly:
Behold, Mike,
time is short.
Grow up,
find a place,
take a wife,
be an adult,
settle.
To which I reply,
delighting
in my recalcitrance:
No way, beard!
The difficult
is my destiny.
Be my beard
Black or white,
I will always
be a pirate.
- mce
the sky reflects its hopes and dreams upon the oceans, turning it into a deep blue like the color of his eyes.
those hopeful dreams you'll never see, not really, you glaze elsewhere towards endings and beginning flicking through the pages
because middles are full of too much - too much emotion, too much love, and hate and everything in between.
you place the book back on a dusty shelf, but you never really forget it. you try your hardest to pretend your fingertips never brushed against the yellowing pages that would've crumbled if not for the fact that you're the most gentle person I know, soft like snow against dying leaves in the winter, caressing them until spring kisses them back to life.
seasons change but my ocean will always be blue, even when the sun drowns itself in the horizon and bleeds vermilion into the water.
you are brighter than every sunken sunset that caresses the shipwrecks you wish you were abroad some nights and some days; the epitome of warmth, calming like a lake's tranquility but always so distant like the depths of jewels buried long ago sleeping in river beds.
maybe i write about bodies of water too often because i want to drown and have someone to hold me but you're one of the few people that pulls me above the waters surface and onto a boat which floats away from regret to somewhere with more color than simply blue even though simply blue is enough;
blue will always be enough.
it will be enough to fill in the gaps between stars on this endless canvas of existence and never mind the paint stains on my hands, they're just another reminder that your existence touched mine,
and despite everything, and no matter what, i will never attempt to wash them off in those blue oceans we are all drifting away in.
my words begin to run dry as the paint on my body.
even in silence, nothing feels like it's about to end, you are the cusp of existence and you're taking me with you off into a horizon of better days;
but anything where you exist will always be what people call 'better days'.
Swim fish swim, as far as you can go,
In waters maybe cold but there's never seasons like of snow.
Fish swam far and further and farther away,
And met fishes and other new friends ever day.
Crushing waves, fire on water, burning ships.
Crimson's doomsday in the fiery abyss.
Shipwrecks, broken necks, dirty decks.
Fish sees all that would happen next.
In distilled waters man made oil spill.
No longer fishes swim nor water's distilled.
Float fish float, as far as you would go,
Above waters maybe of no feeling, but you will never know.
people die, and come back to life, the previous lives they had, might have gone nastily but still..
you see, have you often worried why young dudes, who were born in the 60s 70s and 80s, how they
are very selfish, and other things like that, well, it could be the tragic deaths of how they finished their lives
you see one person was john f kennedy and another was martin luther king, another was marilyn monroe
and another was john lennon, and another was tupac, and i was greame thorne, and i was blackbeard the pirate
and captain cook, you see the paranormal world traps all the young, and greame thorne and the life before him
patrick dunbar, have been keeping my legs itching, and making me play cool for yeah mate yeah kids, and
forcing me to be that shy young dude, even if i know how to speak on stage, i am forcing myself into relaxation
so, i can easily, one day i can be an MC, or bring my santa claus character to the next level, you see i was st nicholas
as well, and i also was isabella of france, mate, there are a lot of brutal murders in the past, which could be the
reason, why a lot of todays earth bodies are selfish, thinking, their last lives were treated so badly, they will take out
revenge on the world, and greame thorne and patrick dunbar and albert waldron are pushing my feet down to the floor
to make it feel like a hooligan or a little young dude, ya know, they were saying, dont get bullied mate, be a hooligan
you see greame thorne was worried how i was getting teased at school and made me tie myself up very tightly
and i wanted to be a TV star, but my dad was an old fogie, who, hates young people misbehaving, i like the young dudes on TV
they are cool, and i was in two plays as an adult and a few school plays, they were cool, you see, anyone who was killed, ya see
they get their bones dug up, but the should is in the youth of today, like patrick dunbar and greame thorne are with me, which forced
me to be a kidnapper, i was the 323 year old man born on christmas day, i was blackbeard the pirate, i was bigfoot who was the illusion
of the loch ness monster, you see i was a reincarnation hooligan, but people are treating me like a shy hooligan, the feeling comes about
because i tried to be a kid, to avoid being kidnapped when i was drinking and throwing beer bottles on top of st matthews roof
the medication i am on, is pushing me down on the floor, making me feel dad was doing it, but it was steven bradley sand all the other
bad guys, and because i was blackbeard the pirate and bigfoot and a vicious dog, i am being told i am not a family person, since i tied
up a boy in 1990, i caused a lot of trouble as blackbeard and bigfoot, and this dog was really my last evil life which was killed, you see i
am not evil in this life, and big foot turned into the loch ness monster, i am working in all these lives, to make the world easier to live in
if i had a million, i could use it to take homeless people off the street, and try and stop the hooligan itchy feet push down
I WANNA BE FAMOUS, in what i can do, I AM NOT SHY, MY REINCARNATION HOOLIGAN, is striking again
I will not be fooled
He loves me;
I know by every 'honey-
and the lips on my forehead'
By the way his eyes smiles at me-
I know he is drawn to the shipwreck
He took charge of the sea'
He shone in me
My heart is happy
His presence is an extreme privilege'
While I try to behold the 'eternity
He show'd me the best of what love can'be
He took charge of the sea'
And filled the vast ocean with his generous wine
That nature hath align'd
And I drank like a fith'
These graces shall endure
Eternal, constant, pure
A joy, unknown to kings;
For he who leaves the passage free - to love
Shall let in 'all the reft;
And in the night, when the lamp swang a little too low
I yawn and sleepily pull myself to him
Nestled up by his glorious lanate chest
I slumber'
And then,
I woke up'
On the other side-
Of the road to Memphis'
So we live - as now we live - to be
Mean while
We will live together
In the verses of my posies'
There are cemeteries that are lonely,
graves full of bones that do not make a sound,
the heart moving through a tunnel,
in it darkness, darkness, darkness,
like a shipwreck we die going into ourselves,
as though we were drowning inside our hearts,
as though we lived falling out of the skin into the soul.
And there are corpses,
feet made of cold and sticky clay,
death is inside the bones,
like a barking where there are no dogs,
coming out from bells somewhere, from graves somewhere,
growing in the damp air like tears of rain.
Sometimes I see alone
coffins under sail,
embarking with the pale dead, with women that have dead hair,
with bakers who are as white as angels,
and pensive young girls married to notary publics,
caskets sailing up the vertical river of the dead,
the river of dark purple,
moving upstream with sails filled out by the sound of death,
filled by the sound of death which is silence.
Death arrives among all that sound
like a shoe with no foot in it, like a suit with no man in it,
comes and knocks, using a ring with no stone in it, with no
finger in it,
comes and shouts with no mouth, with no tongue, with no
throat.
Nevertheless its steps can be heard
and its clothing makes a hushed sound, like a tree.
I'm not sure, I understand only a little, I can hardly see,
but it seems to me that its singing has the color of damp violets,
of violets that are at home in the earth,
because the face of death is green,
and the look death gives is green,
with the penetrating dampness of a violet leaf
and the somber color of embittered winter.
But death also goes through the world dressed as a broom,
lapping the floor, looking for dead bodies,
death is inside the broom,
the broom is the tongue of death looking for corpses,
it is the needle of death looking for thread.
Death is inside the folding cots:
it spends its life sleeping on the slow mattresses,
in the black blankets, and suddenly breathes out:
it blows out a mournful sound that swells the sheets,
and the beds go sailing toward a port
where death is waiting, dressed like an admiral.
I came to you because I thought you would save me.
You laughed over the John Hughes quote
That now is a seminal classic
But Im not sure because I dont believe in it
Because Ive never known it
or maybe its just you I dont believe in.
I didn't have enough energy to actually make an effort to laugh
and pretend I was having a good time.
I would rather sink into you, slowly, like I would ((in a shipwreck or)) in oversized couch cushions.
and be usurped by ((cold water that wakes you up)) musty fabric
when it swallows us whole
and we sink to the bottom.
I'd only feel
your long arms around me and nothing else
Id rather strip for you
Not to be naked but to take my layers off.
[You bore me, You shaped me, You taught me]
And then Id try to not love you so that I could fall into you once more.
let theoverwhelming overwhelm me (again)
until I forget the ongoing drama of the heart and the heart (a purposely neverending story)
[There are no words with which to describe thee:
My darling my love I need you beside me.]
we quote our favorite title page to our favorite epilogue.
An absurd story about love and blowing things up
Because really, (like hospitals and prisons)
its the same thing.
what does this night mean in the greater consequence of our lives?
Nothing.
Im okay with that.
Im just saying that.
[?]
Opportunity and random occurrence are just a farce
That we use to pretend fate doesnt exist;
(it doesnt, does it?)
Everything that matters seems too big to be real.
but I lived long before this, and I will exist ever after
one day I will achieve greatness
you will be forced to know me then
Since you wont nor never will now.
I wanted to write you something..
Gushy-
Sweet-
About how two dorks meet
And fall for each other
Then imagined how you'd read it
calling it clich
after reading just a bit
Most of my poems for you end up that way.....
So....
That's what I'm going to write about today.
I hate that word clich
What does it mean anyway?
Is it bad, is it wrong?
Is it something that people frown upon?
I wouldn't dare to talk of your ocean eyes, in which I get lost
Never...
Or Those horrid stars
Who knew not of "twinkle" till they saw your eyes
Heavens no...
I would never write about your dimple, your voice... I mean like that's even a choice
Nope...
I should write of things less clich
Like pirates... With manatees ...On a spaceship.. Keeping' it simple
Do you despise clich?
Seriously.. Tell me if you feel that way....
I can most certainly write about
Much more you see
From your pyromania
To love of the big city
From the middle name of Claire
... And let's not forget the hair
And while i still understand not of this clich
All I have left to say-
Is
My muse,
My my friend
Ms Massooon
Happy birthday-
And I love you &lt;3
Will we meet upon the green grass hill
Will you come and sit with me still
Underneath the old oak tree
We can sit and gaze at the sea
We can watch the white top waves
As it beats toward the caves
The sea foams frothy white at the wide open mouth
And when the wind blows from the south
You can almost hear the pirates song
When they use to visit the cave, but those years are long gone
That's where they use to hide their treasures
But now only the waves laps in at it's leisure
You once asked me,"why don't you explore the cave by the sea"
"To find diamonds and the gold that there might be"
I only shot you a smile
Because I knew all the while
I had all ready found my diamond
And around you my arms I tightened
But that was many years ago
And the winds of time did blow
It aged our bodies, and took you away
So I made that climb up hill today
To sit up under that old oak tree
To reminisce of what use to be
To hold tight the ghost of your memory
For that's one thing time can't take from me
I said she'll be fine without me
I thought he'll be fine if I wasn't around
But she ran off with a razor
Jagged edges and sharp exterior
Piercing smile with dig deeper eyes
And he found paradise floating
At the bottom of fire engulf seas
Thinking he was a pirate king
I thought they would be fine
I thought...
I thought....
......I thought.....
.......I......
Thought...
We had it perfect
A love a thousand miles long
But now that only seems like a walk
Compared to the wounds on your wrist
And the last thing you said to me
"I'm fine."
We had it made
Best friends till we died
Ride or die
Kill or be killed
But alcohol took you
With an empty shell leaving your last thought
Painted clear to see on the wall behind you
"I'm fine."
As a boat takes to water,
I have taken to you.
I yearn to hold you up
and carry you towards
wild adventures.
Yet I feel as though
you are the sea
and I am just me.
I am blissfully lost
in your blue and rolling waves,
content to be shipwrecked
by you.
You have the power
to effortlessly crush me
in an instant,
but I would gladly sink
into your depths.
After feeling your hands,
I could never dream of
returning to land.
For now I delight
in all of the sights
of you,
dazzling and vast.
Tentatively, I have cast
my feelings to your waters,
waiting for a bite.
A sailor I must be,
content to wait for
the rest of my life.
Gather round
Perk up your ears
And I will tell you a story
I will kidnap your soul
Enslave your senses
My voice shall keep you rooted to your seat
And yet take you far away
To the highest tower of the darkest castle
Five stars right of neverland
Where dragons wait in golden caves
And knights with magic swords come to slay them

Gather round, gather round and hear the tale
Let my voice fill the sails
Of the ship that sets sail
For fantasia, far fantasia
Where prismacolor skies hang
Above the island hideaways of pirates
And the air will fill your lungs with fire
Fly away with me on the leather wings of a mighty wyvern
To the halls of Morpheus
Where dreams to shift and change and form
Where light and air and all things do bow to the king of stories

Come with me on a journey beyond the veil of time
To the place where they catch stars in silvery nets
And keep them in little jars to light the way
Gather round every one, as we begin our journey with a single step
A step called
Once upon atime
Only happy when my legs are wrapped around someone's neck :
when I'm wearing sapphires,
when I search the lake floor for shipwrecks. Selfish and glowlit.
Last time I professed
my humanity I was in the back of an ambulance.
In the midst of today's stormy chaos, she forgot to bring her binder to school, the track names on the Damien Rice mix, and how to act miserable around him.
It seems everyone knows about everything.
The boyfriend.
Her rebellious plot.
She woke up
On the not quite
Normal
Side of the bed.
"Let's revolt,"
She thinks.
"Let's be pirates sailing
The universe, stealing
Stars
As we float
Amongst contellations
Perhaps Andromeda wouldn't
Need her chains
Anymore."
She dreamt she blended in with the walls.
&amp; he was frustrated
&amp; the girl was smiling
She watched them as they left
Together
Walking down the road
Then she tore herself from
The wall
&amp; walked in the opposite direction.
(Fargo was sad. He said,)
''I was a helmsman some time ago; '' Gian asked him, ''what happened? ''
''It's a long story; I'm an honest man; Geraldine trusts me
With her confidences; I had saved the women who had trusted
Me, except Bella who died before I could save her; she
(Fargo continued,)
Died in the peace of the Lord; '' Hector said, ''God's will for us is good.''
Abseil said, '' Maybe I wouldn't have been able to use my hands
Without your help; you're a good man, but you're little understood.''
''When I wasn't able to do the good things, I've made some good plans.''
(Ismail said,)
''We can do small things with great love; you hated the pirates.
Sometimes, being too passionate can be a bad thing; the lack
Of control is filled with passion; I see rightly in your iris.''
''When I was on the shore, I saw a ship and my hope came back.
(Fargo continued,)
I had to swim and ask for help; I've found three drunken men,
Who were sleeping on the deck; I've entered the captain's cabin
And I've found some documents demonstrating that they robbed ten
Ship passengers; I've heard about robbing on the galleon.
(John said,)
'' And how did you deduce that the ship belonged to the pirates? ''
Fargo answered, '' I've found the papers and the treasure
That belong to me; '' Brisbon said, ''Show me these documents! ''
'' A letter is sent to Fargo Escalante, Cantabria, for sure,
(Fargo continued,)
By Francisco Cerda along with some jewelry and money-
A payment for a service; I had waited for it to solve
My financial problems; then, I took a job; '' ''It's mighty funny, ''
Said John; '' My fortune is in my house because I fight to evolve.''
(Suaram asked Fargo,)
Why did you get a job to work on a carrack while knowing
To survive on a galley so well? '' '' As a sailor on
A carrack, I could do difficult navigation during
The storms; '' ''Freddy used to tell me sailing stories at the dawn, ''
(..said Sam, Brisbon replied,)
''He trusted me while sending me in the ports to hire the sailors.
Then, I've controlled the work of the crew on the ship; '' Sulim replied,
''He needs all our help; '' Gian said, '' while sailing, we will be failures
If we don't communicate each other; it is not in pride
(Gian continued,)
To learn how to correct the mistakes; when the ship is broken,
We sink; '' John said, '' we were hired to do many jobs because
Freddy didn't have enough money; '' ''when the fire was smokin',
He lost everything; the fatigue struck us with its claws, ''
(Replied Sam. Suaram said,)
''We have been too exhausted to fight for life; we could all die.''
''Gino, Nico, and Dino died; I could become invalid, ''
Said Abseil; Sam replied, '' you're saved, 'cause God is above the sky! ''
''Who pays us when we can't work? '' Asked Gian; his frowning face was pallid.
(Cosma replied,)
'' When you don't work, you're starving to death; '' Ismail said,
''Fargo had been persevering until he found a safe place.
He's a fighter and an example to us all; he's our head.''
''He should check the kitchen equipment; for me, he's in disgrace, ''
(Said John; Fargo fell asleep and couldn't hear them. Hector said,)
''He rescued the women while asking God for forgiveness.
He used too many details while describing his adventures
And achievements; he has the sleeping pirate as a witness,
When he says that the documents belong to him; '' '' these letters
Said Gian and continued,)
Could belong to any person called Fargo; '' '' they used
The stranger's dogs to find him; I think it's about money, ''
Said Sulim, '' He brought two galleons and soldiers; I'm confused.
He's a powerful man having some secrets; '' ''Don't be funny!
(Replied John, but he became meditative and continued,)
The women love Fargo; '' ''he should inform the authorities
About the documents, '' said Gian; Sam replied, ''I think he did it
And he received their protection; '' '' he has secret priorities, ''
Said John, '' it's not easy to be honest, but I have to admit
(John continued,)
That I do anything for money except stealing; ''
Sam said, '' It's pleasant to live in piracy and sad to be
A victim of it, 'cause it means the loss of any feeling.''
''I am human as long as no human loss is known in me, ''
(Concluded John.)
(The next day, Geraldine and Frederick tried to convince Fargo to tell the authorities that he had been a pirate, but Fargo said that he had played only a game to take back the treasure, which had been stolen by the pirates.)
(...to be continued...)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Big ships, small ships, yachts and dingeys
Floating across the mighty sea
Carving their way, displacing their weight
To keep afloat the Captain and First mate.
Old ships, new ships, schooners and cruise liners
Have crossed paths throughout the ages old
Once to explore, make claim, pirate and fight
Now to wine and dine on a luxurious bite
Salted beef, rock hard bread and weevil-friendly biscuits
A 3 course meal fit for Old Salts alike
Weevils &amp; worms and bugs of all kind
Along with sparse portions of meat, you might find
French wine, filet mignon, sushi and pastries
Buffets and fine dining, variety is key
All you can eat, whenever you'd like
No chores, no work, just eating all night'
What a contrast exists between these two worlds
Only 2 to 300 hundred years apart
Once grimy, risky, arduous and fraught
Now fancy, lazy, and much to be bought
What if the Old Salts could teleport to today
And live aboard our floating hotels?
With no masts to climb or sheets to tend
Would they break or would they bend?
I suppose that switch would be easy enough
But send us back to Pirate-ridden waters
You'd be sure never to hear from us again
Swabbing the deck would kill us alone
Not to mention the food and disease of back when.
- BPW
Dec. 11, 2013
Will we meet upon the green grass hill
Will you come and sit with me still
Underneath the old oak tree
We can sit and gaze at the sea
We can watch the white top waves
As it beats toward the caves
The sea foams frothy white at the wide open mouth
And when the wind blows from the south
You can almost hear the pirates song
When they use to visit the cave, but those years are long gone
That's where they use to hide their treasures
But now only the waves laps in at it's leisure
You once asked me,"why don't you explore the cave by the sea"
"To find diamonds and the gold that there might be"
I only shot you a smile
Because I knew all the while
I had all ready found my diamond
And around you my arms I tightened
But that was many years ago
And the winds of time did blow
It aged our bodies, and took you away
So I made that climb up hill today
To sit up under that old oak tree
To reminisce of what use to be
To hold tight the ghost of your memory
For that's one thing time can't take from me
Internal poetry while doing
Yoga.
I don't mean practicing
Yoga. I mean doing it.
Writing, because although
Yoga
Calmed my racing thoughts
And high electromagnetic frequency,
Additional
Judgmental,
Highly observant,
Rather foreign thoughts
Are returning.
The pirates pillaging
Sanity within
Are no match for the
Ancient Indian
And pre-Indian
Yoga and poetry.
In this day and age,
Yoga is heraled
For the stylish, revealing pants
Used for practicing.
As well as the many classes that reek of ego.
Poetry, on the other hand,
Has more or less gone obsolete.
They killed all the poets.
They have become replaced
By social media
Featuring those unsocialized with writing.
Now, when I need to hear the wisdom
Of a guiding angel,
All I hear
Is the pathetic language
Of the less fortunate in poetic freethought.
These discombobulated ghosts
Haunt me
When I hear far too many
Voices
And need stillness to compensate my illness.
These voices of the day, I fear,
Manipulate me in most unpleasant ways.
And being thinker, as I am,
Drawing conclusion and meaning
From everything I can,
A blessing and a curse --
Which, then again, are blessings nonetheless --
I cannot help but wonder
If this is part of a plan.
Orwell wrote of so not fifty years ago.
The language now constantly spoken,
As well as read,
As well as written,
Dumbing us down.
Losing touch with words of wisdom
In most trying of times.
This is what happens when
You kill off
All the poets.
I can't take it being in the same city,
I say as I scratch my scalp till it bleeds,
as you, cumin-infused silent lullaby,
torturing my dreams, my wake, my morals.
We left to sift the world's full potential,
my fake healing blooming tenderly
in the arms of pirates and schizophrenics;
you gone, me happy,
glass half full of songs and thorns and zen-ness,
cozy in a home all rearranged
to the feng shui of you'll never walk in here again
so you don't see me healthy, childishly cheerful,
grown accustomed to still missing you
each time I open a door and you're not there.
We sailed the sea in search of tea
just me and captain Ted
with treasure chest and pirate crest
flown high above our bed
the window view with sky of blue
we made our water way
and clouds in swathes were rolling waves
that caused our ship to sway
Curtains tied tight were sails of white
that billowed in the breeze
and gulls in flight no longer white
but striped like honey bees
The garden shed lay dead ahead
but Ted said its a trick
It is in fact old captain black
So man the cannons quick
pillows in hand and stations manned
we aimed and fired true
and sent their bones to Davy Jones
within the ocean blue
The fighting done we'd fought and won
their treasure on our decks
we sailed away to kennel bay
through reefs and sunken wrecks
a shoal of socks swam round the rocks
and hid beneath their shade
and flocks of shirts and summer skirts
within the shallows wade
Ted pointed out a water spout
that rose from just beyond
a whale maybe hides there matey
within the goldfish pond
My slippers lept from out the depths
and SPLASHED us with their tails
then light bulbs flashed and Windows clashed
and wind whipped through our sails
A storm cried Ted stood on the bed
his finger pointing east
we rose and fell amongst the swell
Of nature's fearsome beast
Waves ten feet high came crashing by
and soaked us head to toe
we clutched the mast till all had past
and never once let go
The danger gone we travelled on
and docked in time for tea
tomorrow Ted I turned and said
I wonder what we'll be
I saw five blackbirds perched on a telephone wire at six am
They were black as the blackest of nights and as big as Caterpillars
They were looking down on cars taped over with blowing plastic bags
Floating in the hot pink wind like tornadoes made from lipstick
Their talons were long daggers looking to pierce the deepest part of my heart
To open my eyes with their meandering meaningful meaningless
They had shipwrecks adorning each obsidian feather and crooked teeth
Capped the nightmares that lurked behind the glare of their eyes
They watched solemnly at the scene below of closing doors
Of rustling papers and stained tears tarring the summer ground
They had secrets cawed in a language of screeched whispers
Warning and educating ears that were too deaf or too self involved to listen
Weve got no chance to escape this drudgery of modernity
Were stuck in this self-built prison of black and white prisms
Of three dimensional reasoning and the attitude that follows
Never meant to be but its what it is when we think were free
How can the one blind bird perceive things differently
If our shortsighted near-death experiences have left us numb
Numbing us to the presence of the stars in the morning sky
Or the Sun exploding torrents of fire during the night
Wrapping us in a chilly warmth like blankets soaked with gasoline
We've left ourselves to wander the desolate land thinking of the obscene
I saw five blackbirds blacking out the sun as they took to the sky
Laughing their murderous laugh at the awkward bipeds down below
I am a young innocent deer who gets arrow in neck
My shrieking sound of agony in love you can check
Life is nothing but a set of miseries odds and hurdles
In the ocean in the middle on a plank totally wreck
When nothing remains then God with super power
Time determines destiny destination as counter-check
Autumn comes, takes all petals to wither mercilessly
What is this unfaithful life is nothing but shipwreck
What a life and what a style of life to prevail innocently
It is just nothing but kills us all on every bottleneck
Mehr in his helplessness and hopelessness can pray
My beloved we are on the mercy of whirlwinds xebec
Col Muhammad Khalid Khan
Copyright 2017 Golden Glow
Youcame to me tonight,
for the first time in six months,
with wit and glamour,
and the fruit of your tongue.
<em>My ship
is sinking,
the ocean,
a diabolic swell,
is spilling overboard.</em>
I've known it was capsizing
since you first opened your mouth
and asked my name.
I watched you steer that wreckage
right into my stomach
and pull me aboard.
Humming, solemn,
my warnings unrecieved.
<em>I've gotten the help I need,
a life boat,
shaped like a bottle of pills,
a chemical chaos
in my head.</em>
I told you the waters
were unforgiving
that Poseidon's tantrums
would pull you
under.
Fueled by rattling orange containers
with a printed label reading:
KEEP OUT OF REACH OF CHILDREN
with the side effects of
SUICIDAL THOUGHTS/FEELINGS
NAUSEA
DESIRE TO DROWN SHIPWRECK-SURVIVORS
<em>You were right</em>
You spoke,
as you held me below the surface.
You're sinking again,
in little powdery ovals
jammed in your throat
with all the wheezing frogs.
and the taste of a stranger's lip gloss
is washed away
with a glass of water
following
your recommended
daily dosage.
It was on a Pirate Day
When I stumbled upon you
Wearing blue and white stripes
And a purple scarf
With skeletons on it that
Reminded me of those
That were in his closet.
Criminal!
It was about a Pirate
That Day when I talked to you
Wearing red and white stripes
And a black smile
With two scars on it that
Reminded me of those
That were on his face.
Violent!
A Sea Shanty of People
When I needed to leave you
Wearing disguises and masks
And robbing the smart
With evil in it that
Reminded me of those
That were in his heart.
Bandit!
It was on a PirateDay
When I once found you
Wearing no cutlass or hook
And a twinkly eye
With friendship in it
Reminded me of those
That are decent and honest.
No Ambush!
Wanted to tell you all that consumed my mind
Bare my soul to you;let you view the me that I am when I am alone
Hoped you would understand me and hold me and <em>accept</em> me
But once you knew my flaws and my complexities;
once you knew the labyrinth of the being that is me
You faded from my life, drifted far from the shipwreck of my existance
And I drifted far from reality and drowned in the absence of you
Daisies in hair, freckles in laugh,
Summer camp dandelions,
Bubbles in the air.
Cling like a koala to your back
So I can fight off the pirates
And the dinosaurs
And the giant squid
And my mother's meatloaf.
Where do teachers go at night?
Do they sleep in their classrooms?
This caterpillar is my new best friend.
But so is this firefly. But not that moth.
Roll down hill into mud puddles of chocolate goo.
Sing songs and jump on clouds like trampolines.
Mouth like an innocent firecracker; 3-2-1 blast off.
Kissed and tucked and loved into bed.
Dreaming of how good we're going to have it,
Not knowing that we already did.
this is
quiet
this is 3:17 AM, awakened by dreams of smoking illegal things with you
this is hushed whispers, bated breath, this is
waiting this is
the moment after a slap across the cheek.
this is
deep
this is the pacific ocean, hiding skeletons of sailors and pirates who
maybe never wanted to condemn anyone to this dark, damp death they
just wanted a little money for their baby girl at home this is
conversations with a cactus at midnight this is
trying to catch my breath after running to your open arms
this is
dark
feeling for your hands but catching your neck instead this is
this place is fucking haunted, Grace
this is holding me at the waist this is
European cathedrals on rainy afternoons this is
51 and 53 this is
tea at 7:34 AM this is
out of tune pianos everywhere I look and
lying on the floor, battered and bruised as you part your lips
ever so slightly, this is
a memorized dance, a harmony
under scrutinizing stage lights.
this is rehearsed, this is
directed, this is choreographed, this is
not a performance anymore.
"Nothing waits below for you", mermaids smiled, and spoke to me.
Memory fled, then all I knew was written on the sea.
Great paragraphs, on ocean swells,
In running, sodden ink,
The bow broke foam from recollections,
My wedding day,
I think.
Words rose up the sides of waves,
and flung me down the other side.
Then licked the shore for crumbs they found,
That rose up in the tide.
Heartbeat slowed, my body sank,
Turned empty eyes beneath.
Rays of light revealed your face,
Colossal, in the reef.
I sing the song of the sinking ships that drown in the vast, dark ocean of depression I call home. They slosh against my ribcage with such force, I fear I may break entirely.
Always thinking
what am I thinking?
lets start writing
should be sleeping
why am I thinking?
I need to sleep now
bored of sheep, lets try cows
maybe I should count the spots
or connect the dots
of my thoughts....
Dalmatians are the cow canine
ten, eleven, twelve
deeper I delve
sleeper I'm not
wide awake, no
half baked dough
money makes the world go round
funny how it doesn't make a sound
yet people are so loud
it's not needed
nod your head when greeted
nod your head when agreeing
or leaving, deceiving, grieving
maybe thats bowing
bow your head when grieving
Robin Hood had merry men
and they were thieving
still need to be sleeping
dreaming........
If only I could dream of you
as we sail the ocean blue
you would get sea sick
and I would drown quick
this is how my dreams end
much like our relationship
conscious thoughts
maligned with nonsense fraughts
I fraught of you today
tonight, this night
every night
you my light
my darkness
my rainbow
tied around your neck
so delicate
a pretty little thing
no tongue ring yet
butterflies
toast lands sunny side
glass half empty
I'm half fool
a joker in the pack
Batman that's a fact
I only come out at night
your caped crusader
I tried to save her
but the current dragged her under
she now resides in the depths of my mind
a shipwreck
my Mary Rose
how I loved your eyes and nose
and everything attached
did I remember to put the door on the latch?
turn off the oven
come give me loving
and affection
Marvin Gaye, Joan Armatrading
sing to me so I can sleep
sheep, cow, dalmatian, sheep..........
Dear ~~~
I just want to let you know,
Before I fall apart on you,
Or I fall for you--
I live in a shipwreck of my own design,
Am scared of what I am capable of,
And admire the frightening
Endless
Night sky.
I step cruelly on
My own emotions and those who
Twist my own words and
Use me as a door mat,
While twisting my knife deeper into my heart,
But my tears are invisible
And my screams are silent.
You need to look beyond my smiling,
Look into my eyes.
They only smile when you are here.
Seeing the way he looks at her,
The Faerie Queen,
Eyes ablaze with fury
And gentle devotion,
Fills my heart with emotions
I didnt know existed.
She found the Pirate in prison
In a faraway land,
His wrists scarred from years of
The consequences of his own wrongdoing.
The Faerie Queen met him
At a stable nearby where he worked endlessly
For an unobtainably lesser sentence
With heavy chains
Around his ankles.
She noticed the strange writing on his fingers,
The same that decorated his arms,
And was transfixed with curiosity
About this man who was obviously
Very dangerous
But very good with horses.
So she paid his fines and persuaded the judge
To let him serve a different kind of life sentence;
Marriage.
They were wed on a winter afternoon
By the sea.
She looked so happy that the Royal Fae Family even
Let it slide the fact that she was
Marrying a human.
Later that evening,
She placed her hands in his
For the first time, and the Pirate
Found out what happens when you are
Touched by something so blessed
And pure.
All of the years of crime and the hurt he caused
Washed over him in one great wave.
The pain in his soul was excruciating;
He wished to die right then and there.
But the Faerie Queen knew that would happen.
It was finally his hearts repentance.
The years that followed were full of
Sailing and wandering the world over;
He taught her the oceans ways
And she told him of the forests secrets.
So when you see them sitting by an old evergreen
Some fair winter day,
The Pirate holding his sleeping Faerie Queen
With her gossamer wings wrapped around him,
Youll know that true love lives forever
In the hearts of those forgiven.
Kill the f... communists
if there is anyone f... left
Kill the f... capitalists
at least it's going to be a f... mass murder
Kill the f politicians
Kill the f priests
Kill the f pirates
Kill the f presidents
Kill the f French
Kill the f mujahedins
Kill the f terrorists
Kill your f stylish youth
Kill the f classical sentences like f the Police
F the Police
Kill the f Police
Kill your f self
Kill the f sun
Kill the f Damien Hirst
Kill the f moon
Kill the fWarhols
even dead and then again
for every f 15 minutes!
Kill your f life and kill your f death
Kill the f lesbians and the f gays too
Kill the f Beethovens f music
Kill all the f... families
Kill the f lies
Kill the f truth
Kill the f God
Kill the f Devil
Kill the f carrots and the f cocaine
Kill the f punks!
Kill f everything and everyone
Kill the f... stars on earth and in the f... sky
Kill the f... TV and the f... TV hosts
Kill the f Nazism
Kill the f Jews
Kill the f Christians
Kill the f poets
Kill the f pets
Kill the f children
Kill the f laws and the f lawns
Kill your f hope and f guts
Kill every f creature on this f planet
Kill the f planet
Kill the f DNA and all of the f stem cells
Kill the f techno and the f folk music now!
Kill the f DJ and f Ozzy
Kill the f Americans
Kill the f vegetarian and every f hippie
Kill the f meat eaters too
Kill the f humour
Kill for the f Gods sake and mine
Kill the f zeitgeist
Kill the f good and the f... bad behaviour
Kill the f Buddha and the f Buddhism
Kill my f butt
Kill the f Justin Biebers f butt too
Kill every f bloody nigger dead or alive
Dig up every f... dead Ku Klux Clan member
and kill them f again and again
Kill your f good taste
Your f self-righteous thinking
Your f good morals
Your f delicate philosophical views
Kill every f thing I forgot to f mention
Kill the f you
F you all
F You!
torn up lace
and cracking glass bottles
holding tiny sails and ships
feather pens
and creamy gold paper
hold words from soft ruby lips
and out of the hand
slipped the delicate chain
and down it fell through the cracks.
until nothing was left
but the memory
of the legend of Pirate Jack
that was the day I set sail
that was the day I said goodbye
before the day of my shipwreck
before the day I closed my eyes to die
you see
I thought you would miss me
when I set sail
when I left for the sea
and now here I lie
on the ocean floor
waiting for the tide to be kind enough
to wash me up onto the shore
but now I see
I dont know how to make you miss me
because now I know
you never did love me
I'm trading in sleep for long nights of Midori Sours and New Found Glory blasting through the speakers in my room.
I'm trading in time with friends for solitude and The Wonder Years telling me to become a pirate for the fuck of it.
I spend more time drinking away the pain and listening to Pop Punk then I do trying to better myself.
I tell myself to get the fuck out of bed but then Blink-182 reminds me of you and I go down another beer.
As The Sweller's told me last night "I wish you could see inside my head..." but you don't actually give a fuck anymore.
I'm pretty sure if I took the time to get out of bed and go make something of my life again you would come back... but I'm feeling self pity and I'll stick to my Pop Punk Remedies for now.
On the surface of those cheap sheets of skin
Our hungry heads next to the radio
Emerson, Lake &amp; Palmer sing of that Lucky Man
While children of the candy corn eat the postman
Space Opera pirates courted by Tiny Dancers of Mars
Spiders, in fact, band mates to a lad named Ziggy
Like us made of Stardust, eternal and galactic
Though not supported by a studio laugh track
So many images can flash by changing channels
On the Technicolor TV late at night, feral and stoned
Passing ships, Hamlet, pigs in clothes, angels killed,
Mouths fucked, mothers crowning and holes drilled
Babes crying in the street, while the heavens fall
An unreal reality that flabbergasts wet dreams
Shifting gears for the animals to rule the room
Orwellian motifs ensuring self-righteous doom
Nothing written is appreciated till the lesson is met
Charted, ridiculed, challenged, accepted, analyzed
By those who skimmed through blurred scribbles of lines,
Puking phrases of former failures for the modern times.
Vicious cycles of kids raising parents
Using TV and Internet as the windows to life
Fundamentally nave, systematically retrieved;
Academically relieved, posthumously achieved.
All meaning was lost in making albums not worth buying
All reason was abandoned when making movies not worth seeing
All adventure was ceased in vain of endless rules and authority
All we have are gadgets, bills and jokes on conformity
My broken clock is still ticking like a mechanical heart
All veins and arteries lead outwards from the center hands
The red lights of traffic leading in and out of the metropolis
Of that homeless blues singer named something Tatopoulos
A Japanese couple making a tourist trip to Memphis, Tennessee
Along midnight trains where ghost of Elvis haunts Italian women
Most of the time my references dont make sense to most
But it keeps things interesting as Im your eccentric host
Absolute processions of White Queen marches
Suck-face jackals sporting Mott the Hoople Tees
Bastards &amp; Bitches, filling audience chairs
Prophets &amp; moppets, raising fists in the air
Ooze-dripping phallic flower creatures
Topping off mammary gland excretions
Unknown pleasures released by Factory records
Amidst the hysteria caused by deaf leopards
Pink and orange clouds, reflected in golden hazel eyes
Her smile I cant forget, just everything about her
You never forget your first love, with eyes like maple
Even in the middle of seeing these strange fables
In this waltz we dance to the beat of three
One, two.
Why couldnt that love last forever?
Three
do not fall for a boy with a pirate heart, even if he will
cross five thousand miles of sand and ocean to be with you,
carrying nothing more than loneliness and longing in his cargo hold.
those things will bond you both together like an oath, but
blood is thicker than water and soon, the promises will weigh you down
like rocks in your pocket, keeping your lungs and heart empty.
he will not stay, something will always call him away in the morning,
even after you've spent the night wrapped in his strong arms,
counting the stars from the undersides of the highest sail.
you will listen to his stories, for they will stretch beyond the decks
of his ship and make you feel both empty and full at once,
but you cannot rely on a tattooed smile to forge you a key to the world.
eventually, he will leave you on stranger shores, soaking and breathless,
wondering when the next tide will bring him close to you again.
but you are not a wench he found bar-side, never call yourself that.
you must be unpredictable and wild as the sea itself, bottling storms
into your heartbeat and braiding a barrier reef into your hair.
you are calypso, dangerous and beautiful and unyielding,
and if he comes back ten years from now to set foot on the shore,
you will not be waiting. <em>you cannot always be waiting</em>.
he might tell you he loves you. but even then, he is only speaking
about the seventy percent he is familiar with, the part that is pulled into
rises and falls by the moon, a dna sequence patterned by the earth itself.
do not answer him. steal his ship by sunrise instead and plan to follow
the treasure map that you've long since forgotten. never come back.
leave him with a seashell at his side and he will remember at last
that the reason he loved the ocean was because it sounded like you.
Bringing the boy up on deck in the merest hint of dawn;
the sky a haze of stars against a black velvet sky.
Knowing his punishment for being an unashamed
nancy the boy lowered the ill-fitting bodice
to expose his tender unformed back;
bony shoulder blades and pale shoulders in the moonlight shivering as the boy awaited the blows of his masters whip. Bob stood away,
adjusting the needless domino mask
being all part of the charade of being stalwart
men of the high sea. Cracking the bit to make
sure the rawhide was sharp as razors,
Bob snapped the leather tong over the
prickling flesh raising a slash of beacon red.
Bring it down more, boy, said the cat.
The boy bringing down the garment further
so his lower back was open to the crisp sea air;
the whip snapping again in a blistering sting
directly to the boys spine. The boy's eyes
remained dry the whole time he was being
flogged but biting his upper lip he drew
blood as the cat did the same unleashing
blow after blow that echoed for miles
out over the sea. Do you mind your master, boy?
Whoever that might be?
Yes, sir, the boy whimpered.
Dammit, boy, speak up, came another lash
across the crossed gashes already bleeding
down the narrow back.
You think youre a man, boy? questioned his
tormentor striking yet another hard blow
out of the seeming blue.
No, sir, the boy whined.
What are you? A girl? hissed the cat,
laying lash across the taut skin.
Yes, sir!
What was that, boy? said the cat, striking again.
Im...Im a girl, sir.
Then Ill treat you like one. Get on your knees, the feline ordered. Now lower your head. Walking off Bob called from the hold, and stay that way til full daylight. If not, youll be right back here tonight.
Yes, Master, simpered the willing submissive.
Its the hollow sound of a toast to fill the silence of unaddressed questions,
the celebratory clanging of glass on glass
ringing from assumptions based on past experiences and theories
from synapses of protagonists or all
that is mystical; a god or a God
for the rhetoric of bad days; the precatory shoulda, woulda, couldas
you can count with all digits and the humdrums,
the lalalas to songs with lines you can never remember.
It is to fill in, with pencil, the
blanks of unclear intentions, capricious endings,
the what comes after the highest number, tentative now, for it is a trick question,
the true stories of Bermuda Triangles and Altantises,
for the ones Amelia kissed goodbye and all that is brief,
promises neither broken nor kept;
some, hypotheses for what happens after waiting.
It is the makeshift certainty ascertained the day he left
all these unfinished, unanswered, incomplete things. The sure of it
invented by staking everything in a nebulous something,
a nebulous anything that will have to do, like cotton patches
on satin dresses or saints for hopeless causes.
It was the invention to quench the constant
need to know, to fill the in-between start to end
for all that we can not stop. A made-up map by pirates below ten
for every time we must set destinations beyond unchartered unknowns;
a make-believe place holder to hold us to the relief
we get from closure when
the universe gives us none.
It is the lemniscate, the amen,
the St. Jude we assign to our altars
until we find actual satin or the aviatrix herself,
or surrender everything in the spirit of faith
or believe
that not all things unfound are lost.
She hugged me, and I breathed in deep.
Better than any perfume or cologne in the world, I know that smell.
It's the scent of a thousand lost boy summers fighting pirates and chasing shadows.
It's rust dust and rail yards and campfire smoke.
It's gypsy smiles and moldy locks and secrets whispered through the trees.
It's waking up to gentle words from complete strangers we connected with the night before.
It's the scent of broken lips and battered kisses the morning after sturgis.
It's the sun glistening off an oil stain on the highway.
It's the scent of river washed clothes and ticks and lice and fleas and kids named after all those things.
It's a scent of secret love affairs, and sexual exploration and anarchist propaganda.
It's the smell of the E.L.F. And the Crimethinc. Ex Workers Collective. It's the smell of the Wobblies.
But mainly, it's a smell that reminds me that they are still out there, laying in wait, in the shadows of the broken fence in the rail yard. Arms willing to hold you and fight for you, and never let you go.
The luminous sky brought wonders to my life, its soft morning breath made me rise. This is the day where I get to face, something different from all of those gloomy days.
The sun is high and bright, the warmth lingers through my skin. Yesterday was a frozen breeze, raged with horror and fear. But today, is something to cheer.
I can see different colors lining in my way. The beauty blossoms on a May. For the last cold day it died with a sigh. Right now, its petals are happily dancing with the friendly wind.
Theres no more darkness in sight. How happy I am to be alive. After all those sunken nights where I cant breathe from the storm that smashed my ship, I am now sailing placidly ashore.
What a beautiful sail, theres no more lightning that will strike. Only sunshine and happiness in this vast ocean where I sing the pirate song and turn the anchor forward. Slowly on my way to the happiest place.
Odysseus needs a job he calls pima community college art department chairperson sends her his resume she does not respond after a week he catches her on phone she says he lacks proper credentials laughs to himself his whole life never worked lucrative or reputable position gets job working at thrift store wacky group of coworkers customers store frequently smells like public latrine job expires after 7 weeks he gets better paying job working at record exchange Odysseus always loved music everyday he learns new artist or band his coworkers are at least half his age they pester him about being slow on keyboard he never learned to type neither he nor his generation could have foreseen future would revolve around keyboard he plods on register keys people smile politely kids he works with fly fast making many keyboard mistakes November 29 2001 george harrison dies of cancer he is 58 years old Odysseus recognizes he is from past world different era of contrasting standards 80s behavior is totally unbefitting let alone 60s beliefs it is 2002 and one badly chosen word is sure to send someone flying off the handle he watches his language carefully co-workers mostly born in 1980s grew up in 1990s they live indifferent to hopelessness he struggles to bear none of them believe in higher power music is their religion he wonders what their visions concerns for humanity are? they seem addicted to consumption as if it is end in itself he questions what is hidden at root of their absorption? loneliness? despair? apathy? absence of vision? where is their rage against social conversion current administration? he warns them about homeland security act privacy infringement increased government secrecy power they shrug their shoulders why arent they looking for answers? why dont they dissent? do they care where world is going? he realizes they will have to learn for themselves few coworkers read literature or know painters philosophy their passions are video games marijuana star wars most of them are extremely bright more informed than he often Odysseus needs to ask questions they know answers to right off the bat he is like winsome uncle who puts up with their unremitting teasing hey you old hippie punk rocker get you fiber in today? stools looking a little loose! peace out old man in peculiar way he finds enough belonging he so desperately needs they tell him stories about their friends sex addictions eating disorders futile deaths he is bowled over by how young they are to know such stuff job includes health insurance which is something he has not had since Dad was alive having some cash flowing in he buys laptop computer with high-speed connection cell phone trades in toyota for truck opens crate of writings he abandoned in 80s begins to rewrite story sits blurry eyed in front of computer screen his motivation has always been to tell truth as he knows it he wonders what ramifications his labor will bring positive or negative results? he guesses his story will sound like childrens fable in stark brutality of distant future october 2002 3 week sniper spree terrorizes maryland virginiadistrict of columbia 10 people killed 3 critically wounded police believe white van responsible october 24 man and 17-year-old boy arrested in blue chevy caprice juvenile is shooter assailants linked to string of random murders including unsolved shooting of man at golf course in tucson Odysseus mentions incident at work speaks of prevailing terror madness in america co-workers kid tell him he is crazy did you see a white van parked outside the store Odys? they seem desensitized to increasing national atmosphere of anger panic or perhaps they are overwhelmed by weight trauma of modern life lie after lie prevailinghavoc slaughter make for dull numbness in world they know suicide is compelling option december 22nd 2002 joe strummer dies from heart failure at age 50 Odysseuss eyes wet he adored the clash everything they stood for loved joe strummer and mescaleros he plays global a go-go over and over listens sings along with first track johnny appleseed march 2003 president bush launches attack against iraq united states seems drunk with shock and awe zealous blind patriotism many people politicians countries around globe question unproven line of reasoning saddam hussein possesses weapons of mass destruction Odysseus gripes not another damn vietnam record company allows employees to check out take home used product Odysseus stopped watching movies in 1980s he has lots of catching up to do particularly likes natural born killers american history x american psycho fight club way of the gun snatch king of new york basquiat frida pollock before night falls quills requiem for a dream vanilla sky boys dont cry being john malkovich adaptation kids lost in translation 25th hour 28 days later monster city of god gangs of new york kill bill list goes on perfect circle becomes his favorite band followed by tool lacuna coil my morning jacket brian jonestown massacre flaming lips dredg drive-by truckers dropkick murphys flogging mollies nofx stereophonics eels weakerthans centro-matic califone godspeed you black emperor magnetic fields fiery furnaces dresden dolls smog granddaddy calexico howie gelb sufjan stevens warren haynes dax riggs john vanderslice alejandro escovedo sean paul elephant man bjork p. j. harvey ani difranco aimee mann cat power sophie b. hawkins kathleen edwards mia doi todd kimya dawson regina spektor carina round neko case fiona apple nina nastasia beth gibbons mirah rasputina dr. dre talib kweli immortal technique murs slug atmosphere trick daddy eazy-e tricky list goes on october 21 2003 elliott smith commits suicide stabbing 2 wounds into his chest Odysseus thinks about music when jimi hendrix stood up at woodstock deconstructing national anthem on guitar it took courage when punk emerged with ugly screechy sounds attempting to divorce itself from melodious harmonies of 1970s complacent crosby stills nashthe dead kennedys and sex pistol did not pander to conventional commercial success what they performed were desperate gutsy songs trying to reclaim music rocknroll is no longer about inventing instead it imitates its glorious past hip-hop and rap come nearest to risking rebellion but are caught in gangsterism infantile self-adulation no longer does music offer vision of what is or could be instead it conjures looping escapism from hopelessness of modern life he continues working at record shop for several years store contains every genre of music cinema he grows weary of retail sales weary of higher-ups constantly changing rules dictating what to do head manager is manipulative drama queen thrives on crisis once in private admits stealing from company Odysseus nods not knowing what to say head manager works Odysseus hard keeps him down atmosphere of conspiracy betrayal hang at start of each day assistant manager routinely taunts berates bullies teases regularly calls Odysseus dumb-fuck or fuck-up other times laughs after goading Odysseus to flinch eventually bully backs off and they become friends retail pushes Odysseus to brink of misanthropy corporation requires all employees to exercise overt courteousness while serving a public of disrespectful gang bangers demanding show me black market brotha lynch mac dre why ya godda keep dat shit behind da counter? dats fucked up hey old man i aint got all day it always amazes him when shoplifter is caught with product stuffed down his pants thief blatantly states i didnt do it i dont know how that got there thanksgiving through christmas to new years is most swarming stressful he feels like automaton greeting customer scanning product looking at screen to see if price agrees with product typing money amount counting money into drawer counting money out handing change to customer handing customer product receipt next customer cockroach capitalism packs of masses line up in endless stream of needs stupid remarks job also involves trade appraising condition value resale probability of cds dvds video games tapes vhs vinyl news ofiraq war gets dismal mounting civilian casualties suicide bombers hostages beheadings beginning of 2004 reports of torture sexual psychological abuse rape sodomy murder of prisoners at abu ghraib prison guantanamo bay white house cover-ups denials growing insurgency increasing u.s. body count other costs he thinks about men and women who are so much braver than him then comes re-election and lavish republican parties parades cheney rumsfeld tom delay and whole regime smirk portentously on tv none of it makes sense anymore we the people of the united states what does it mean? the dreams and aspirations of his generation have long since faded away he is citizen of forgotten past current world is barbaric place he barely recognizes there are real pirates with machetes rocket launchers on the seas big drug corporations hiding harmful findings kidnapped children abandoned children crooked politicians corruption at every level of society horrifying stories daily pedophile priests slave markets extreme heinous cruelties abruptly everyone is acknowledging society is worsening life is not the same he does not understand people and certainly does not understand america or the world he remembers when all could be so good modern existence has turned everything into madness what happened to lessons of history? it is as if Odysseus fell asleep and when he woke everything is changed he is mistaken about what he thinks he knows feels pity for people america pity disgust sorrow he misses his dog
&lt;<em>Loud as you can say it</em>&gt;
I am Outlaw!
-call me Pirate!
I live such freedom,
all souls admire it!
The awful God,
has judged my soul,
Weighs his measure,
I'll pay my toll!
&lt;<em>In a high-pitched voice</em>&gt;
The sailor's way,
path unknown,
Stars are clouded,
nothing shown?
The sea's are high,
a storm is here,
Davey Jones' Locker,
my home is near.
&lt;<em>Loud again, yell it</em>&gt;
There is no heaven,
there is no hell,
Life on seas,
the seas they swell,
Fish scales on arms,
scales on my legs,
Heart born free,
dread-locked and dregs!
I am Outlaw!
-call me Pirate!
Lost lives redeemed,
some should admire it,
The ship upended,
all hands to drown,
In Davey Jones' Locker,
a peaceful sound...
&lt;<em>In a high-pitched voice</em>&gt;
The sailor's way,
path unknown,
Stars are clouded,
nothing shown?
My time has ended,
fate is near,
Davey Jones' Locker,
my death is here.
I am Outlaw!
-call me Pirate!
A man of valor,
some do admire it.
I am Outlaw!
-call me Pirate!
A dreadful life,
though some desire it.
I am Outlaw!
-call me Pirate!
To Davey Jones' Locker,
my deeds require it.
I am Outlaw!
-call me Pirate!
I AM OUTLAW!
-CALL ME PIRATE!
I am Outlaw!!
-call me Pirate!
My life on the ocean,
my God inside it.
Dormant, standing on the bow peering out with telescope in hand
Quite seas
Off in the distance,
Land
Bright sunlight piercing through closed fingers
Shielding the reflection of the ocean and sky
To no avail
Telescope still in hand
Distance drawing nearer
"Land ho!" yells the lookout as dry ugly faces peer out from below deck
Grumbling voices wake from their slumber as the crew saunters their way into the day light and fresh air
They grab rope, and hooks, swords, and supplies
Captain steering towards the shore
They hop on three dinghies
Eight strong
Yo ho ho and a bottle of rum
Eyepatches, sly grins, and peg legs a plenty
No one greets them on the small island
They are there to pillage the resources and devour the meats as they reach soil
Sharp teeth and empty stomachs
Tattoos of women with large breasts, and anchors, hearts, and daggers
Rum
Much rum will be swigged and landing in bellies come nightfall
Songs sung by fires warm light
At mornings break they shall hunt and scour the land for animals and resources
They haven't a map but smell treasure
They know it's there
They whiff at the air to determine their course
They argue their cut, their share of their findings until one man lay dead from sharp blades final judgement
More for the taking of the rest of the crew
Morning comes
Through the branches, over rocks they climb towards the peek
The summit
A cave, a cave is in sight
They throw rocks in order to draw out and living creature that may have made a home inside
No sound permeates
It is safe to enter
Fire sticks are lit and cave is entered with caution
Whispers and hushes
They stumble
Head meets rock
Blood
This is no easy life
They reach a cavernous waterhole
The first man is egged on to explore its contents
Explore its depth
The water is knee deep
Until, until he sinks out of sight and the water swallows him whole
Startled, the men scamper back to dry land
"Where has our fellow mate gone", they ask
Splashing, he reemerges
He reaches the surface and cries out
"Gold!!"
reverence and water for each of our daughters
our sons are beyond our command
our souls get out of hand and require
our patient attention to bring back the necessary completion
if you wish to become a poet then stop
stealing your words from others
start to observe the meeting point of nothing
relish in imperfection and youll become as sweet as honey
so come again and we will make our journey
to the streets, to the shit-holes and the hovels
in the cornfields
rishis greet you with a bow
so tropical ideals seem irrelevant now
somehow you are lost
i can sense it by the way you toss your hair back
you are anxious and i am smiling at your negligent cough
stroll along the boulevard looking for apples
rest in the stores that dont seem too commercial
i have stretched my body now i stretch my mind
i have lost my love but she will return
i am confident as a god
i am as suspicious as a pirate
i am grumpy as a hungry man
without any brandy
i am landed wealth
i am the aristocrat's fate
i am napoleans secretary
i am the human race
vehicles of passion lead to disaster
if you read Siddhartha you will know the answer
to the young persons nightmare
what to do with time that repeats
all the ways which we have lost our minds
i hate to break it to you but the world is a mess
even if you do your best
you're still liable to witness suffering
and being a part of a community may be the answer
but for somebody
other peoples company is truly hell
I was breathing in the beauty ofScala dei Turchi,
as I sat atop pure white marlstone crescendo,
etched by the winds and the rains of time;
the view emphatically embracing the coast of Agrigento.
Twas along those balbutient banks of the Mediterranean sea
I saw him silently standing there,
his hands resting in white linen pockets,
the salt wind blowing through his peppery hair.
Serenely somber in quiescent stillness,
he was dashingly debonair,
his form earnestly beseeching, a wish
delicately wrapped in the guise of a prayer.
He peeled his stare away from crystal waters clear,
I was transfixed by eyes that gallantly gazed atme;
eyes that emerged from pools of a deep sorrow,
eyes as transparent as the turquoise blue sea.
Deftly ascending those limestone cliffs,
he was reminiscent of Saracen pirates penetrating;
with such determination of gait and surety of purpose,
he approached me with palpable power emanating.
His drawing near sent my heart swiftly a-pounding,
a halo of light behind his sun-kissed face
I imagined I saw ashadowed smile emerge
as he nonchalantly quickened his pace.
He took his place beside me
atop the pure white marlstone crescendo;
and we waited for the sun to descend,
against the skies of beautiful Agrigento.
i will give you things.
at first, i will give you honey suckles bound in the locks of auburn hair,
a gentle smile, a refreshing breeze. i will give you monuments dedicated to a single glance, and you will take all of these things with pleasure.
i will give you warm rain, and deep woods, and all the clichs we hear every day but we still love to talk about because we love them, i will give you love like them, like stars showing the dawn their shy bodies, like waves proclaiming all of these things i will give you.
i will give you all forms of love.
i will give you the best possible physical love, i will give you the most elegant touches and the most jarringly inappropriate whispers. yes, i will give you blowjobs.
i will give you lessons in art, lessons in cooking, lessons in life. i will give you honesty, and truth, and commitment, and i will give you spellbound nights where all we do is talk about how the philosophers got it all wrong, that Plato was an idiot for saying we could only find death in love, look at us; look at this. i will give you the ability to teach me, i will give you the crescendo of my youth.
i will give you the crescendo of our relationship.
and then, one day, i will give you a little less. i will still give. i will still give you speeches about world events, i will give you the coffee i make in the morning, i will give you touches that aren't as passionate but they are touches nonetheless.
i will give you midnight runs to the store, i will give you medicine for when you are sick and i will give you the ability to nurse me as well.
i will give and i will give and i will give every day, each day &amp; it will be a little less, until one day, i will give you nothing.
i will give you a profound silence, i will give you the absolute void. i will give you a pitch black abyss, nothing at all, and just when you reach the pit of despair, just when you think you've hit the bottom, the bottom will fall out and i will give you less than nothing.
i will give you screams instead of silence. i will give you hands peeled to the bone and bleeding because they have given and given and given and there's nothing less but less. i will give you a broken home, a broken heart, i will give you memories that will anchor to the bottom of your sea &amp; know you will never be able to get rid of them because they are the skeleton of a ship wreck &amp; did you know, in the Mediterranean there are still preserved shipwrecks in the murky depths of that ocean from Grecian times? i will give you these little reminders of mortality.
i will give you regret that sits on an empty shelf collecting dust particles. i will give you a taste for whiskey because it allows you to languish. i will give you the worst kind of wounds, the kind that time does not give a fuck about, the kind that stars even pray over. i will give you a little less faith, i will diminish your ability to trust your instincts. i will giveyou complete and utter devastation, i will give you repeated cliches on their backs: hurricanes, tornados, tsunamis. i will crack your collar bone, i will crack your skull. i will leave you as an abandoned house, worn down and empty.
i will give you everything, all of these things, and more; if i give you my hands right now.
I had pirates coffee, you see.
Pirates coffee, it really suits me.
Wake up tired beyond belief,
chug some, oh what a relief.
Pirates coffee, 70 proof in nature,
But I'm fine, I'd really wager.
Cause of this wonderful drink,
She is beautiful, its not gone in a blink.
I'd really love to stay this way,
But as you can see, I can't, okay?
i.<strong>
you used to be the one that made my heart skip
beats and make the butterflies in my stomach erupt,
although now those butterflies are as wilted and dead
as the flowers you gave me the last time i saw you
</strong>ii.<strong>
i think the worst part is knowing that you are still
on the same shipwreck i warned you to stray from, that
you are still so heavily dependent on the same thing
that broke us, that you still love your cigarettes more than
you will ever love me, or her, or anyone and that
at the end of the day your drugs will burn powerful flames
that will last more than my love for you
</strong>iii.<strong>
i like to think that we would have given up on each other
sooner or later, that if it wasn't the drugs then it would've been
because of school or distance or because of him or because of her
but the truth is that all those pointless fights were just rocks
not mountains and we could have had it all, but you were more
hung up on cigarette daydreams then on true love
</strong>iv.**
i don't think you ever understood that when i said i would
crash and burn next to you, that it didn't mean i wanted too and that
while i could start fires with what i feel for you i would much
rather leave you now before i become a pile of ashes
The waves dancing on the shore
The seashells washing up on the sand
<em>It all paints a picture of home</em>
The boats far out to sea
Against a backdrop of citrus skies
<em>It all paints a picture of my home</em>
The seagulls crying out to each other
Beacons standing strong and tall
On rocky cliffs and reefs
<em>It all paints a picture of my beautiful home</em>
Holding hands on the cliffs
Overlooking the sunsets by the sea
<em>This all paints a picture of my home</em>
The pirates here of long ago
Searching for hidden treasure
Things forgotten under the sea
Sunken battleships, years of rot
<em>Its all a picture of home to me</em>
The footprints in the sand
From where I take my morning walks
Barefoot, my skin against the gritty sand
<em>This is all a painting of my home</em>
The sandcastles of destroyed wishes
Hopes, dreams, and ambitions
Torn asunder by angry waves
<em>It is still a painting of my home</em>
Hibiscus crowns and lovers
Happy children dancing in the waves
Smiling, as they build their goals
<em>Yes, this is a painting of my home</em>
Im lost across the endless water
Floating in a canvas of inky blue sky
<em>Please, show me a picture of my home</em>
Still mourning in the foam and froth
Praying for a new dawn tomorrow
<em>Please, show me a painting of my home</em>
Im drowning in these waves
My ship is ready to be lost at sea
The waves are climbing higher
I look for one spark of light
To guide meshow me the way
<em>Please, paint me a picture of home</em>
But I cannot see in the wind and rain
The stinging of salt upon my face
No familiar light from the beacon
So I keep on praying faithfully
<em>Please, paint me a picture of my home</em>
<em>*</em>~Marian~
The mighty wooden ship awaits,
the pirate and his wench.
The massive sails and spinnakers bold
pondering seven seas.
Adventure beckons, be still my heart,
adrenalin rushing forth.
My pirate blood, from birth doth flood
my veins with plunderous thoughts.
But hark, my beloved approaches now
With chest of clothes abundant
She says we must first speak of things
so as not to be redundant.
Before we leave dry land, I must confess
of second thoughts about our new address.
A secret that Im holding must be shared:
..I am a little scared.
Sea legs, Ive none, nor a stomach strong.
Even my sense of direction is mostly wrong.
Im just hoping that as your Pirate queen,
.. I do not turn green.
Youd love to sail away beyond far horizons,
though, if you must know, I cannot roam
further than my cell phone plan,
..which is Verizon.
Oh let me think this through a minute,
My love, my one eyed wonder
To sail the earth to see the world
To steal and maim and plunder
Sounds like fun, but when were done -
Ive broken my nails
On those goddamned sails
and I dont know my stern from my bow
My teacher of Zen
will want to know when
my monthly bill will be paid, anyhow.
So I think I must stay, oh and by the way,
Have the boatswain untie the cable
And get me that yawl or I swear I will crawl
To the dock as fast as Im able.
I guess Im not much of a buccaneer
but the thought of the trip made me sick.
So a pirates life is not one for a wife -
at least not a wife
with a hair appointment
on Thursday!
.
Bleeding ripe woman,
wet naked stone;
honey rock dries--
fast star bone.
Dead memories change
just like laid,
wants fly open--
soul sky parade.
Sea moon dreams,
daddy heard stars--
known little face;
death drives cars.
<strong><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>______</em></strong><em>
Rainy days wash--
brick looking mud,
blank reality strings
dry midsummer blood.
Dog's child minds--
revolution spreads wings,
dirty molten other
fraught angel sings.
Corner ocean waves--
milk sounds morbid,
freeing minnow slaves
gritty condor kid.
<strong>______</strong></em><strong><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em></strong><em>
Catch passing eclipse--
my suicidal dream!
Kissing dying lips,
conscience eagles' scream.
Roots stop barely--
silver burdened rhyme;
river's metal tracks
help God remind.
Lofty smokeless breeze--
bird's echo box.
Ice burg floating,
saturates frozen socks.
<strong></strong></em><strong><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>*</em><em>_</em><em>_</em>__</strong>
Rings pulled strangers
silk blossoms singing--
remembering ancient maps
deep words bringing.
Canon pirates' soup
dreamer's record stalkin',
river's whole amount--
dead man walkin'.
Instant scattered corona
clenching eagle drowning;
rubber slamming secrets--
reading Robert Browning.
.
tattoo the word Holocaust
onto the palm
of every African-American....
and wait...
Apache!
hood crux pixie...
heroin addicts in Westplate....
and wait for a century...
give it 100 years in Auschwitz...
or give it nigga hope for
a pear....
and then i'd too
coagulate into custard phlegm...
auf wiedersehen lenin...
contort hippie named contra...
armed boa:
and that handshake...
hoarce Horace!
shatayin bigger, bottom-blob
bound into eminem....
and it was always
to be dirtied by luck...
fetish...
dodged and the dog and cameod
the crucifix...
igloos in egypt:
senf (mustard) gaz (gas): khaki
diarhhea.
gravitas in the grn...
mein iris... regen bonne hund!
volphren kind...
prunes of y in iota said: dried out
kynd...
and pirates toward a je - taime calculator:
taming the berserk stierhund...
bison-knirschen:
hans klaus -
myth-gate ...
bolt and Zeus...
i am: heritage +.
Croatian nazis....
nicht, nic, die volk.
annehmen steuern... katakombe denken...
...
told: by a hobbit... or originating from Dublin:
fuck's sake!
Gwar'th, a scranny peasent boy
from Deastbhillow
Frequented the tavern to hear the local bard play
Enthralled by stories of shipwrecks, cataclysms, Corpses rising from their graves.
He begged the bard over and over.
"Please! take me on your next adventure?"
Gwar'th locked eyes with the bard
Gave him every bit of attention.
The bard always declined,
"it's too dangerous for a child." He said,
"But I'll sing you a song.
The tale of the Red Metal Lute."
~~~
The sky was black
pouring buckets.
You couldn't see but walls of rain
you couldn't hear a damned thing.
Not even each other speak
Until A loud wail rose from the sea
shattered every window and bottle on board.
In the distance, a figure
unwaivered by the storm.
A ghostly figure,
with a red metal lute
Seemed to fly,
Loom on the rain.
the figure plucked a single string
wailing screams from years of forgotten dead
some sailors on board went mad
The woman and children ran inside.
The captain headed out the cabin.
Grabbed his lute from off the wall
Walked right up to the ghostly demon
Challenged him to a duel.
"I win, you lure me the biggest fish
inside this ghostly sea
Once we haul it back to shore,
you let my sailers leave."
The ghostly demon preached back in wail
"My spoils claim each drop of blood
left upon your ship,
you'll join all the eternal tongues
wailing from my instrument."
They played their lutes so hard that storms whipped bruised wailed and brown
Lighting struck, fire popped and squeltched under the heavy rain.
Not a soul on board could hear the music, for they all deaf from the banshees wail.
But one small float snuck cloaked in shadows from the duel above the sails.
It had a mother and a brother
a baby in the mothers arms.
They made mostly to shore.
The oceans trials took all the family, but I, the baby,
A boy.
I don't know who won, the Captain, the Demon.
But I know one thing is true.
The power that lies within' an instrument
is more then anybody knew.
~~~
One foggy night in Deastbhillow
Long after the tavern closed
The bard was packing for a 'venture
loading up the partys caravan to head out of town
Gwar'th snuck on behind the treasure chests.
It stopped in front of a cavern
Five adventurers stepped off
A knight, a priest, a bard, a Clairvoyant
And In the shadows,
Gwar'th.
Down in the belly of the cave
Past the bones and the torches
there was a red glowing from the end
THE RED METAL LUTE
Gwar'th, excited, lunged from the shadows
Alerting the party.
The knight drew his weapon
The bard struck a chord
The priest prayed
And The Clairvoyant read the boys mind.
Together They killed the boy in cold blood.
"What did it look like to you?" Said the Preist
to the knight who slaughtered the boy.
"A beautiful woman.
What did it look like to you?" The knight asked the priest.
"My god."
"What did it look like to the boy?" The bard asked.
"An instrument," said the Clairvoyant, "A powerful instrument.
What did it look like to you?"
The bard looked down.
"The boy."
I'm creating a Lego alter-ego
Called Scarlet.
Her skin is flawless
Her face a fixed fierce determined smile
Her drawn on breasts will never sag
And she never has a hair out of place.
She has a pet monkey by her side
Poached from my brothers 1989 pirate set
After she duelled with Pegleg Pete
And made him walk the plastic plank.
She has lego lovers in high places
Batman has given her the code to his 6860 set batcave
And the white Knight from castle set 70404
Has lent her his trusty steed
And he drank from her cup.
She is fearless and has an interchangeable
Wipe clean wardrobe
She can be whatever she wants
She is racy yet robust
When placed on a high shelf
She may gather dust
But she is always ready
For fun and adventure
And she will never age or rust.
1.
Sweet love
Oh, such sweet love.
2.
Stick into the pincushion of hope
Gentle pins of far-off dreams,
Holding wispy threads of desire
For which time (as a heading) is never enough.
Push down and drown all thought
Which beckon expectation -
And trust to want less.... or nothing;
Thus reduced, we get no fails.
3.
All up to the sky
We cry,
Agonising -
That waiting of footfall.
Then.....
Lovely flow.
Yes, let's dare to increase
Irregular patterns of abdicated pain.
To fulfill what is so held back.
4.
Because of you
Three days can last a lifetime
Full of affection and delicious warmth
Within the bearings of your arms.
5.
Dreams in the coffee whorls
Willing spindles now
Turn as they eddy...like happy tidings
All around my head.
Dreamscapes thrive
In dulcet whirls inside our core.
6.
No shipwrecks here,
No abandoning of esperance.
No deserting,
No dereliction of love.
No grief,
No castaways on hopeless coast.
These proffered crumbs on palm
Become sought-after......and precious gifts.
7.
Sweet love garnered over time
Poured slowly.....into sacred cup.
Where phantoms run to hide away
No abode for wicked despair.
Oh, for lovelorn hearts and broken dreams
To find such gladness in a cup
We hold hope, ever bold....so deep in heart
And sink away in woven bliss.
Capsule of infinity.....
8.
Come, let us drink
From our coffee-cup.....
Of love.
Oh, come......
9.
Time to kneel and give thanks
Place forgiving wafer on tongue.
Take none in haste
Accept only when ready.
To....
Drink sweetness of sky's nectar.
10.
Of pastures plain
And meadow green
Swift do echoes fall
As moments slip away....like clouds.
11.
Oh, and....
One sugar....
(No analogy needed, surely :)
Hot.....
(Nor here!)
And BLACK, please.
S T,11 April 2013
Will we meet upon the green grass hill
Will you come and sit with me still
Underneath the old oak tree
We can sit and gaze at the sea
We can watch the white top waves
As it beats toward the caves
The sea foams frothy white at the wide open mouth
And when the wind blows from the south
You can almost hear the pirates song
When they use to visit the cave, but those years are long gone
That's where they use to hide their treasures
But now only the waves laps in at it's leisure
You once asked me,"why don't you explore the cave by the sea"
"To find diamonds and the gold that there might be"
I only shot you a smile
Because I knew all the while
I had all ready found my diamond
And around you my arms I tightened
But that was many years ago
And the winds of time did blow
It aged our bodies, and took you away
So I made that climb up hill today
To sit up under that old oak tree
To reminisce of what use to be
To hold tight the ghost of your memory
For that's one thing time can't take from me
To my dearest darling Joe
I had to let you know of fun that we have had on our latest holiday, I know you would get such a kick out of the tales we have to tell.
It was a last minute all inclusive deal, we set out with Sue and Steve for some late autumn sun to Zante the Greek island of fun.
Oh Joe I cannot tell you the colour of the seas,so clear so blue I can't do them justice, if you could see a picture it may be a start but in theses seas you can see to the bottom and the sand iswhite and dark.
No seaweed in sight nor turtles too, it's too late this time of year but olive trees and lemon, lime, oranges and grapefruit are everywhere and handy for a bite, that's right I put my hand up and plucked an orange from the tree, oh Joe your mouth would explode, it tasted so divine.
The people are oh so friendly and they make it very clear that the sun in the sky is unusual at this time of year.
We hired a car and drove into the mountains and dropped down to a port, hired a boat and they took us to shipwreck cove, where some years ago a boat had shipwrecked and it's cargo cleared the sea, we swam and dived in the clear blue sea underneath clear blue sky, oh and some people were tightroping across the ravine, I'm afraid I didn't have the courage to join them in the sky but I lied down and watched them heroically cross from end to end.
We've eaten traditional food and drank traditional booze and used the traditional loos, do you remember the ones in the south of France that mum and I refused to use, we'll these were exactly the same. We've laughed and cried recanting tales of days goneby.
It really has been delightful a holiday to remember, one I wish I could tell you all about, I know you would sit and laugh with me as I retell the fabulous holiday we have had to catch some sun on the Greek island of fun, Zante.
I love you Joe xx
Found the land
map peters out
No hole
no treasure
cigar burn on casket.
Hand Robert Graves
fondling
jar full of marbles
Hand writing
House making
never mind.
Trench breaking
Old Homer loves you
Truth teller
Blind and sunned
You knew
you knew
Marble margle
pirate treasure
small boy treasure
skull and crossbones
Mappa mundi
treasure treasure
take me captain
morgan
take me home
Nonchalant greetings and vigilant stares,
An alluring excitement with a striking flare.
Yet all of these things seep with fear,
All hidden under a pirate sneer.
To know of something of what's up there.
To feel the joy of what hell can fear.
Wondering if earth has a chance to be great,
One more chance with a little less hate.
<em>May I ask an angel to calm me from my nerves?</em>
To fly me away from sorrow and pain.
Though lovely people are everywhere in this world.
I need an angel to let my love be regained.
<em>Blue eyes with a bow and arrow,
A halo full of light and yellow.
Wings with speed and full of skill,
A character full of free will.</em>
<em>We'd sing and dance to no rhythm and beat.
Play with harps and sandals on our feet.
Holds me close and makes me guffaw,
Being the single foolish and fair thing I ever saw.</em>
May I ask an angel to come for me now?
To be my salvation in this world of mine now.
To adore, to love, to cherish and to hold.
**To balter to music and let our story be told.
Trapped alone in an isolated island,
Expecting someone else to come for help and lend a hand
A mind at hopeless state bringing down all of the remaining hope, Losing dignity with nothing to cope.
Till one day a sailor comes with pride,
Enlighteningme to put my hopeless minded bieng to set aside, Rescued and sailed together to a journey called forever,
Promising each other to surpass any waves and storms to conquer
But one day heart's crushed like a shipwreck
When you came aboard into another sailors deck
Leaving nothing but pain like shark's been bitten my heart
Realizing self was still abandoned all the way right from the start.
a moon loses its moorings
shipwrecks upon a mountain top
the flotsam...jetsam of stars
<em>*</em>
une lune perd ses amarres
naufrages sur un sommet de montagne
les paves des toiles
i am a phoenix who has spent every year of my life
burning to ashes and being painfully reborn
you knew this and threw me into the fire anyways
2. i didnt just fall in love with you
i crashed into it
like a drunk driver who couldnt wait for the light to turn green
and i didnt have any insurance
3. i was always competing with
the ghost of your ex-girlfriend
and you saw her reflection in my eyes
it wasnt a fair match from the start, was it?
4. you said i was the most lovable person you had ever met
but you couldnt be the one to love me
i think the word you meant to use to describe me was unlovable
5. you treated my affection like fucking currency to help you sleep at night
6. i always had to butcher the truth out of your mouth
7. i wrote you my first love poem
it was called putting you into words
because i couldnt ever find one word to accurately describe you
but i found it now:
asshole
8. you taught me what lonely people do
how they cant touch anything without leaving their fingerprints behind
without painting your skin in midnight
when the sun comes up you will both be on the ground again
with stomach aches and dry mouths
this is what lonely people do
they stay the night and wake up thirsty
and their only cure is drying out your canteen heart
9. ask me how many times ive trusted
the men with twisted fingers and crooked smiles
how many times ive cut my hands on their jagged edges
sharpened like a knife by pain
ask me how many times ive let men say my name like theyve created me
i will tell you ive lost count
10. i am a giver
who surrenders my softness to sharp teeth and sandpaper hands
i am giver
who falls in love with far too many takers
and never learned how to be both
11. i am made of forgiveness and
you broke my bones like they were empty promises
i will always be walking on someone elses ending
and crawling over the ruins
12. if pain makes craters then my heart is the moon
13. every poem i ever wrote for you
is now a testament of how you wasted my time
14. you were the final shipwreck
that sent me reeling out into the water with my mouth wide open
i taste like seawater because there is so much inside of me that is trying to drown
15. love is the worst illusion man ever created
16. i am 19 years old
and i am entirely too young
to believe it doesnt exist anymore (k.w)
Set the drill to Deep
Shipwreck diver deep
and begin
MAKER OF DAYS
( for Uncle Michael )
You will always be
oats
that smell spilling out of
a split sack
in an empty barn
a dance of dust motes
like a spell
trapping summer
within its crumbling walls.
You being you
whatever the weather
water sprung from ground
its gurgle of coldness
the chitter chatter of hens
gossiping among
obsolete
machinery
blue eaten with rust.
Dock leaves
next to nettles
calming the pain
far from the maddening stings
always your laughter
amongst the ordinary everyday
shipwreck of things
becoming &amp;
un-becoming
themselves.
You the maker
of days
in the lost land
of summer.
Splintered and sinister,
this cracked country
comes to wither.
Are we one,
or the forgotten?
Damned, we cower in the hate for
that of which was once so proud.
Severed souvenir civilians
can we come to root the Earth again?
Intertwine our truths,
that have torn at the fault lines
ofthis rattled nation?
Stand tall now with the world
we shall soon sing in sweet harmony.
"Watch the things we gave our lives to broken;
and stoop and build us up with worn out tools"
Yet, forget not those who shall drown,
as they watch their castles crumble;
for they will too soon become enlightened.
Peaceful pirates set sail,
and ignite this tyranny
with quiet kerosene;
so we may unearth again
how the truth shall set you free.
The storm rages on,
As the girl stares beyond.
A ship that is sinking,
Full of weasels and sods.
There's no room for sharing,
Or to be open minded.
Instead your voice is lost,
In a box we're confined in.
The waves grow stronger,
Wearing down the seams.
Worrying whose side is worse,
Rather than calming the seas.
An abundance of bickering,
Yet a scarcity of repairs.
A ship forever sailing,
Fueled on internal affairs.
Sharpen the knives and load the guns, empty another keg of rum. Beat the drums and pull the cannon taught. Trim the sail and hoist the jib. Fly the black flag from the rigging. Turn into the wake, and head for our prize. Laden with gold and pieces of eight. Taste the salt spray we can hardly wait. Laying siege to a treasure ship. Come on now don't let her slip away. Mark your lines and make your aim true. There is still a good deal to do, before we can line our pockets with loot. Swing the wheel hard around, hear the cannon pound on the hull of the unsuspecting ship. Thunder echos across her decks, throw the grappling hooks and what the heck. With a cutlass and pistol I take to the fight, and if my luck is just right, I will have my fill of pirates booty tonight. Gold doubloons and pieces of eight, my won't the ladies think I am great, when I sack this ship and return from the raging main.So on me hearties and cut them down, Davy Jones watches them going down. Singing the pirates song as we go.
Into the folds of the dress and the mold.
Though he is old and he has no more sense.
You've never heard this, it hasn't been told,
Of the babbling coot: his all-seeing eye.
Drooling over his woodcarving he waits.
The boys find him, his eyes rolling circles.
Old man! Tell us. What's in this box of dates?
Another box, old mans says, just a box.
And within that box? A little boy grates.
Another box, the old man says, just a box.
The boys chatter with glee at what truth sates.
They run off, "Old man ain't crazy! Just old."
Talking to a black bird, the old man sat.
The boys find him: bird nodding agreement.
Old man! Across the sea! How old's old Pat?
A scratch of the chin. "Why, she's fifteen, boys."
The boys, perplexed, walk away; that was that.
"They'll bury him there," old man said. Bird squawks.
Rocking in chair, whistling his old, old tune.
The men find him looking young than ever.
Old man! Been years! Where's the pirate's treasure?
The men drunkenly wait for the magic.
Old man whispers in the ear of the eldest.
Eldest pulls out map; his eyes almost burst.
The men run off as if chasing the sun.
A shovel shakes off its last bead of dirt.
Tears, precious pearls of sorrow, ease burdens.
The men, swathed in finery, mourn for friend.
"Old man!" New eldest asks, "You knew didn't you?"
Old man titters, "I only saw, boys, see?"
New eldest grabs old man. Birds squawk in trees.
Black clouds ooze across the sky overhead.
Winds rattle the old man's house... death rattles.
The men pull new eldest away from there.
Old man drops to ground. He stands up to stare.
The spooked men run off back to their home town.
A black bird swoops onto old man's shoulder.
" 'Twas my box of dates they showed me that day.
Twas my great grandchild Pat who they spoke of.
And 'twas my gold they were all looking for.
My eye only sees what belongs to me!"
The old man sat down in his rocking chair.
In the moonlight, a glimmer of gold eyes,
spoke of a soulless pirate king's riches.
The Bishops bathe in Babylon
while Princes, prancing on the lawn,
watch Queen deflowered, pale and wan.
The King dares not defend her.
The Horsemen, holding broken reins
the Morning of the Hurricanes,
sigh its no use, its all in vain,
the Saints will soon surrender.
They wonder why they ever came,
they have No One whom they can blame,
they have no face, they have no name,
and even less, a gender.
The empty-handed Vagabonds
smoke stale cigars, stroke faded Blondes
while waiting at the walls beyond,
but kneel as Chaos enters.
Theyre gazing through the window panes
in hopes that distant Hurricanes
will twist and break their iron chains
defying lifes tormentors.
The Fantom of the Opera frowns
as feeble minded Cleric-clowns
mouth hollow hurdy-gurdy sounds
when blessing doomed dissenters.
The Pirate wields a wooden leg,
with pupils dull and visage vague,
and if by chance he spreads the plague,
it really doesnt matter.
His Princess, pale, no longer feigns,
foresees instead (down ancient lanes)
the coming of the Hurricanes -
the Stones stir, staring at her.
And Jackals scrape the river bed
as Savants soothe the underfed
and Crows, collecting scattered bread,
adorn, with crumbs, the platter.
The Jokers Wild and One Eyed Janes
weep, winding up in rundown trains
mid whispers of the Hurricanes,
and Priests refuse to christen.
Theyre fleeing from the Leprechauns,
the cuckoo birds, the dying swans;
while pitching pennies into ponds
their eyes opaquely glisten.
The spectral Clocks with spindled spokes
remind the Mimes to tell theFolks
the time of day and other jokes,
yet No One looks to listen.
The Hunchbacks with contorted canes
galumph before the Hurricanes,
in melted sleet, in frozen rains,
in bruised and battered sandals.
Their Groans engulf the land of gulls,
the land of stones, the land of nulls,
and lurk between the blackened lulls,
for Nighttime brooks no candles.
Their prayers to Dogs and Nuns and Dukes,
(and other long forgotten Spooks)
are more than random crazed rebukes,
though taunting to the Vandals.
The Beggars neath the balustrades,
and broken Children, Chambermaids,
are running wild from wraiths, afraid
of dreams where death redoubles.
They fritter time with tattered threads
(from ragged clothes theyve left in shreds),
crocheting hoods to hide their heads
and faces, full of rubble.
But many things will not remain
the Morning of the Hurricanes,
when goblets filled with cool champagne
evaporate in bubbles.
The White-Robed Maid adorns the trash
with charnel urns awash in ash,
then fumbles with an untied sash
while pacing in the Palace.
Her hopes congeal in coffee spoons
with memories adrift in dunes;
yet, still she smiles with teeth like prunes
and lips of painted callus.
And long before the midnight drains,
the Saviour wakes, the Loser gains,
the waters of the Hurricanes
will fill her empty chalice.
The storm (behind the clarinets,
the silver flutes, the castanets,
the foghorns belching in quartets,
the bagpipes, puffed and swollen)
is keeping time to tambourines
while Tom Thumb and the Four-Inch Queen,
pick up the shards and smithereens
of moments lost or stolen.
Theyre trekking through the Dim Domains
(where fountains weep, the mountain wanes),
yet cant escape the Hurricanes
with trundling eyes patrollin.
The Crowds (arrayed in jewels) in jails,
stoop, peering through a fence of nails
while light behind their eyeballs pales
with plastic flame that sputters.
They huddle there because they must
(with eyelids hung like peeling rust,
their tears, palled pellets in the dust),
behind the bolted shutters.
Theyll reawake without their pains
the Morning of the Hurricanes,
without their sores, without their stains,
their agonies will fill the drains
and overflow the gutters.
The Irish monk
reads from a life
of a saint-
refectory lunch-
his eyes walk
the page-
silence as he reads
from others-
eating as a work
of art.
I look at the monks
around me-
one with a patch
over one eye
like a pirate-
and a memory
of her licking
my ear
and whispering words.
The French peasant monk
brings water
for the flowers
in the church
and he labours
as a whole millennium
of peasant monks
have done
he being solitary
but not the only one.
I hope the day reality hits me
Takes its time in coming
With the blow
I want to spend my days dreaming,
Wishing on shooting stars,
And believing the world is somehow
Beautiful
I hope the day I take off my crown
Takes it's time before I have to realize I'm not
A princess
I want to spend my days fighting pirates
And thinking happy thoughts
So I can fly to that place
Where my dreams really do come true
I hope the day I have to grow up
Is still only the day I have to come home
From Neverland
I want to dance in the sun
And play in the pool and pretend I'm a mermaid
I want to believe
I'm something more than just
Me
I hope the day reality hits me
Is a long time coming
Because the beautiful world I live in
Is all just make believe
Every morning I went
to the coffee shop across the street
from my house,
because I didnt work.
For every resume I typed out,
I wrote a poem,
in order to keep me from
sending you a text marked with a white flag.
A skull was concealed in the flag,
as a watermark. The sun made
love to a cluster of clouds,
while I rolled a cigarette using strands of your brown hair.
I opened my wallet
and took out a photograph
of me and you from the booth
that one night when you made a fire out of caskets.
Your face had been glowing with warmth,
as if you had drained all the light out of the sun,
and had taken a shower in its yellow glow.
Your eyes were bright with a hopeful future.
Then you grew your hair longer,
and pulled it over your eyes,
like twin pirate eye-patches.
But youd said you werent blind, just indifferent.
Today I wrote another poem on a countertop,
in the coffee shop,
and bandaged the wounds you gave me
when you told me you never cared about me.
One of the baristas wearing a brown apron
and a blue baseball cap, gave me poems
from James Tate. And as I read
The Lost Pilot it started to drizzle from the ceiling.
I wasnt sure if it was rain pouring on my head,
and on my poems, or if it were melted ice-cream,
rich and thick in its texture,
Our first date we stole vanilla ice-cream from a Giant.
You stuffed it in your golden purse,
and ran through the doors, as a fat security guard
chased after you. Then, you hopped
into my blue Volkswagen and we sped off.
I was perfectly fine with being the getaway driver,
you dipped a bent spoon
into the plastic container and scooped out
the ice-cream. You ate it hungrily.
And after I took a bite,
we went to the park and swung on the swings,
coasting up and down in the air,
vanilla stained on the front of our black shirts.
Back at the coffee shop, I played the keyboard
in the bathroom because I was shy,
shy of you finding out,
because you love piano melodies.
And I guessed I wanted to play
for myself for a change. I played
My Cherri Amour, and drank gin
from a flask, until every key looked like a playing card.
After I played the song,
I left the coffee shop
,went home, and painted our last conversation,
using words from a newspaper.
Its over.
You were never right for me.
Youre not mature enough for a relationship.
I never want to see your face at Peets.
Peets was the coffee shop we would always go to,
every morning, rain or shine,
rested or exhausted, and
I remember you would read my poems.
You read my poems as if they were
Daphne Loves Derby song-lyrics. Last night
you texted me that my poems
sounded like rushed and convoluted emails.
After that I blocked you on everything,
from social media to your number.
I hoped we would grow weak with joy,
and grey with age.
Words, whether from your lips,
or a text shattered the trust
I gave you, as if it were
my social security code.
In front of the bathroom mirror,
I took a pink eraser and rubbed it
against my foreheard,
to remove the wrinkles.
Each wrinkle represented a time
when you had failed me, or
when I had failed you. Our failures
were weights that I had balanced in my memory.
Kaufman would be pleased
of my progress. I wrote a sculpture
with glass and tears
at my desk, alone in my clean, well-lighted room.
And then I took the sculpture,
and buried it
in my backyard, right next to the grave
of my old and weak self.
I smoked a cigarette using
sad memories as rolling papers.
As the paper burned slowly, I
let the smoke fill my heart.
Because my lungs were tired,
tired from breathing, tired from
living for you. Because you
are not the only thing that matters anymore.
I.
You are my shipwreck,
I am your siren,
It's an uneasy game I play
Dragging you down to the depths...
Dragging you down to your death.
II.
I always get lost
Looking for something to open my eyes;
I've never really been awake.
III.
Swearing to hurt anyone
Who
Tries to kill me...
Do those same rules apply
When I try to kill myself
In your god damn black hole eyes.
IV.
The galaxy has been filling me
For years and you find
Beauty in my stone cold shell encasing.
V.
Maybe we should wait and see.
VI.
"Give me time."
VII.
I hope your favourite sound
Is the dah-dum
Of my heart beat drum...
VIII.
I love you.
I focus on where the bones in my knees
contact with one another
They look like marrow filled plaster casts of birds bones
Like the masts of bottled pirate ships, in my mind they swing and glue pulls up the surfaces of the wood as you tear the bones out like how you gut fishes
There are sharp edges like the serrated edges of a shark tooth
Small dips where I can now curl and negative spaces are left silently empty are neatly darkened
Puddles of liquid velvet evaporate from underneath and leave the wooden surfaces speckled with sticky stringy lines of tiny alphabets, so tiny you can't tell if they come from our culture or our religion
I'd like to tread in bleached white cotton socks and feel the white fill up with red
These alphabets hooking onto the softened brittle fibres
I'd wait hours until the excess ink fell away and revealed the spaces
I'd let you place your hands between the ribboned surface, you could pull them apart, they would slide perfectly like a new key in a new padlock would twist,and I'd let you examine the utterances carefully
I'd let you place your hands on my bare ribcage so you could feel with your rough fingertips the plaster cast version, the pulse of my wooden heartbeat, you could see how the alphabet confetti has saturated it
I fold my arms and cup the spilling liquid red
I would store it in glass test tubes to be frozen
Then examine them under light as if the red were capable of chromatography
I imagine the freezing only magnifies the frost grated into my heartbeat cocktail
Here lies a story
Of an abandoned ship, lost
In a sea of guilt.
Saturday,
A blank slate placed in front of an adventurous child
My imagination took me across the globe,
While my feet danced across my backyard.
Freshly cut grass grew into a weeded jungle,
Only a six year old could appreciate.
The sun was only a summersault away,
And I reached up to the sky with my stubby fingers
To form marshmallow clouds into pirate ships, and circus animals
Back when the moon was made of swiss cheese and superheroes really could fly
No one dared to whisper the word impossible
To a boy who feared nothing
Twenty. Three. Hours.
Sardines sleeping on dirty floors
not caring about the shoe marks
avoiding the possibility of getting drooled on
We sang songs from rent between the seats
ANDY YOU GOONIE
Are we there yet?
I am the snack queen my children
Are we there yet?
its so much warmer than back home
ARE WE THERE YET?
I woke to see my first palm tree
palm trees are fucking weird
I was a princess
I let her curl my hair
I cant feel my fingers
I understand why kids are always crying at Disney world
Its sensory overload
We lay on the beach
Our feet touch the ocean for the very first time
Her sunburn didnt go away for weeks
we wanted to be jedis
Why was it 12 and under
THEY DONT UNDERSTAND
We sang songs from beauty and the beast
bonjour bonjour
Marie the baguettes hurry up
We got stuck on small world
We died on pirates of the Caribbean
You promised there wasnt going to be a drop
I WAS NOT PREPARED
We watch the fireworks
And the neon lights
before being packed like sardines once again
Listening to her say ANDY YOU GOONIE
But thats okay
Because I just love you guys.
SANDOVAL
Your brigs of bustling pilgrims light at last
On this sweet-scented isle called Cozumel.
Depopulating half of Cubas farms,
The skills of our six hundred souls, or so,
Erupt now in a pitched activity.
Weve confiscated idols, and our cross
Now overlooks the rising ropes and tarps;
Our cannons hedge the campground, with our horse,
As secret weapons, hidden in the ships.
ALVARADO
Now what a breezing cakewalk will it be
To pacify this docile flock of lambs!
Lets snatch the sweetmeats from their trembling lips,
And wean them to the yoke of servitude.
Vassals alone make masters out of men.
CORTS
Not yet so fast. For Cubas stewardship
Forbids such a carnivorous regime.
Father Olmedo warns us not to tease,
Much less molest, the native nymphs.
ALVARADOCorts,
We trust that you, like all stargazing men,
Crave glory, fortune, and above all, fame;
That royal favor and divine accord
Will light on those who quell idolatry,
And carve new lands for God and His Castile.
CORTS
But like a gentlemanly pirate, I.
For Cubas governor deceives himself.
His pure concern for human chattel, gold,
And bandying the Indies as it were
A distant annex of the Moorish war
Has wrought a desert from a paradise.
Long-term success requires a colony.
And with what wherewithal! These islanders
Stand head and shoulders oer Carribbeans,
With their rich-painted books and towering keeps,
The graceful girding of their modesties-
SANDOVAL
Their slave trades, and their binding bright bouquets-
ALVARADO
Distilling liquor: Cultures surest sign.
CORTS
Our prime directive is to baptize them,
Not march before their eyes the Seven Sins.
But how to learn their Tower-of-Babel tongues?
You see way back in the nineties I was a hooligan from way back, but I didn't really like my father despite him being so nice to me, I said to mum that I don't understand what bugs me in dad, but I still fought or teased him, because he couldn't be my kidnapper in his previous life because all my childhood lives that were kidnapped while my dad was my dad, you see dad might've been a foe from when I played footy as Albert Waldron, yeah that might be right because I might have been a bit scared of talking about that thinking dad was an atheist or a non church going Christian who believed in heaven and hell like my mother
I wasn't sure if I wanted to talk to dad about what I see in him
Because he was my dad, I know he was nice to me, but at that stage I hated his authority that he brought up, and as an adult I fought back, I was visioning war veteran or maybe he was a footy star when I played footy as Albert, you see I treated dad more like a football mate than a dad like I said how are you going cobbler and dad said mmmmmm a little boy mmmmm
He never said that exactly but in fact he was wondering why I was fighting him by saying come here briany why are you fighting us and I ran off saying oohhhh you are just a football mate but mum and dad were worried about me, and despite me still acting like a spoilt little brat, they said give him medication to calm his anxiety
Down, because my problem was anxiety and mum and dad got in my way, and I was drinking to get rid of my previous life thoughts but I became the person I never wanted to be, sometimes I told dad I was a hooligan and he said a hoodlum which was his name for a hooligan but really I was just thinking that isn't me to think things like that and before my dad's mother passed away, I yelled at my parents because they gave me a crappy room while they got a good room and dad really annoyed me, you see I might have been seeing this football player I fought with as Albert Waldron
You see dad was finding it hard to get through to me but I was thinking football foe, I have no idea why I teased dad, he tried to joke with me and all I see in him is that footy watching man
And despite him not watching the footy with me, I still saw them in him, ya know a cool kid to pat and Lyle even if I wanted to be with them because I was the footy fan of the family because I was Albert Waldron back in the late 1800s and early 1900s and I might have remembered dad from the crowd or an opposing player or even member of the pub I drank in and I was hearing voices in the pubs as I mucked around with the footy players as they called dad a great big old fogie
And I was him but I still was scared because I was still thinking of people being nice to me, ya know treating me like a little cool kid to the drinkers
But I had to grow up because I am not Albert Waldron anymore
I was in my mobile home and I was visioning people going about their duties like running and jumping having fun and fighting tying each other up
And I visioned dad getting really worried but I saw the football supporter coming down to rib me about Norwood losing but it was modernised by the raiders and the swans who weren't very good back then and one guy in the pub yelled at me for drinking from the jug and I said
Mate, I am just having a beer
You see there was a different atmosphere at the pub with dad
Yeah, I know it was father and son but when scott showed up
I was hearing voices from back
When I was Albert Waldron in my previous life
Scott was a fellow player and dad was this man cheering
I thought dad was teasing me
But really I was hearing his previous life as the old
Man in the Norwood football club, you see dad was in the middle of my voices and dad told me I was on my way to having an heart attack from smoking and drinking but I gave up drinking and smoking to try and stop the fighting but I fought dad for the last before September 11 2001 and that is where the voices stopped
But that wasn't true, that was where dad got sick of me and that was where I was determined to be Santa Claus but dad and mum was worried because of my past as a kid chaser from when I was st Nicholas of AntarcticIa and Blackbeard the pirate but mum and dad were worried about that we were fighting about that and I was visioning that old man at Norwood pub of dad's previous life and I was santa for 10 years and now my mind is saying dad is your dad but whether he was that old man in Norwood pub or Betty Campbell now, he was still my dad
Wonder if you see what you're doin' to me
How you caused me to be a nervous wreck
Don't know what emotions to expect
This is a god damned shipwreck
Now I'm laughing
Like the Joker, I think this is funny
I don't know why
And now I feel real crummy
I'm gonna go cry
Or maybe jump off a bridge and fly
Guess you were protecting me
From that monster you didn't want to feed
But that made me want this even more
That's my greed
Is that fucked up?
That's some evil folklore
Because I don't feel my heart anymore
It's just constantly beating
Not for me
But it's being beaten
Eaten from the inside out
Black and blue
Bruised, cut and bleeding
Oh how cliche
I make myself want to puke
The anger is creeping up on me
Your life turned into one giant cliche
Now it's time for me to pay
You did this to yourself
Fucking turn the time back
Be careful what you wish for kid
You'll get exactly just that
Now you're gonna be cryin' to yourself
Oh please, please change it back
Oops
Your mind just cracked
Guess what? You can't take this back
Fuck this
This ain't love
Fuck that
Love is all I am
I can't help this
But now I'm getting angry
You'd better watch your back
Because my heart is turning black
I think
I just snapped
Shit
Safe inside my beehive
Picking cobwebs off the honeycomb
At the heart of this shipwreck
The devil keeps me lukewarm
Suckin' out the red sea
Then parting ways with bad dreams
By way of a submarine ark
Carried by the gust of shooting stars
Boney fingers on the steering wheel
Fingernails dug into the leather
If the sky preaches parades
We'll be in for nasty weather
Landfall calls for mongrels
On crippled horses
Salivating for a sister of mercy
Or any kind of company
Erase me, help me
Before he gets me
I've never seen his face
Just his mafioso posturing
Push me, pull me
Let the sirens scream
I'm too scared to sleep
In the jaws of the peripheral
Like breathing flames on a manaquins mane
Blasting past the first pirate mast
Of a brotherly love that never came to pass
But no story was told that night
Underneath the starry nights gold
Waves lapping, breaking tight and fast
Should've seen her eyes in gasp
A late night break away pass
Of a lover's wish broken and tainted like painted glass
Bearing all that life has to offer in pain
Deuces wild still going insane
Lack of focus as the hills are filled with locusts
Touching voids where there should be hope
Highlighting passages of dead masters
That lay with eyes plastered
Shadowy alabaster
Money grubbing and money humping
Trudging through the muck like everyone else these days
Praying above right into the sun
Piano blaring bright all night, all night, all night
With the beat of a drum making me hum
Nothing else in the world but the hanging willows and its turns
No there's nothing in this world
But the slight hum of a hummingbirds love
Too much and nothing at all
Heartbreak in the morning
Nighttime forlornin'
But the push, the great push
Is something that strives high in all that run mad
Towards nothing at all and everything
Clouds breaking like mist from the highest waterfall
Poems crippling the poets eyes, their fingers, their guns
Motor cars reeling in movies flashing on global screens
White letters print themselves nakedly
For only the intellectual eye to see
Breathing in and out in and out in and out
But never again wanting to see to believe
Touching terrible temptations
Loving lurid lullabies
Obsessing obesely at obelisks
Of ancient pasts that through time
Never were meant to last
A search is on the wake of high flanking warriors rake
Gifted and grafted the crash of a thousand waves falls silent
Buildings rush into themselves
Rains pour gallons upon gallons forever more
Ravens remember their mother's maiden names
While there father's are still on the make
A gift of the God's as they continue to prod
The mind's of men and women who choose to remember them
Protecting the streets that crumble with the steps of the weary
Dollar signs growing faint, dollar bills floating dreary
Still more to see still more to be still more to die for still more to love for
Could the life of all this land be just another skip in the master plan?
Friends forgotten for famous foreign fans
Freshening up for the grim reaper's return
Look sharp
Look dressed
Red hair rises as brown hair surprises
Honking in Manhattan as the earth was once thought flattened
Laughter runs amok among the empty streets once filled with ducks
Today there was a way to stay on top o' things
But I know deep down
There was just no way I was ever gonna' stay
the stark oak tree stands tall and minimal
no longer bearing its leafy foliage.
instead a lookout post for the black crows
to swagger on, circling and settling like
pirates looking out to sea.
they are motionless in their duty to stand
guard, fearless is the stance they portray.
black statues on this barren podium.
winged form alights at will and swoops
down onto cushioned green, waiting.but wheels
on gravel disturb and concentration breaks.
flinging its feathered span it shifts leaving the
ground, heading off  and gone.
nonetheless, the stark oak waits knowingly,
for their return.
.
After childhood sleep,
Of days into dawning,
Shucked of dusted clay,
Eyes set unto fawning,
Then, the rowing began.
Shy gentle waves lulling
As it does for Everyman
Who seeks loves' culling.
In a tempest of blue sky,
I was engulfed so plain,
That time was sore to eye,
All suitors never maidens.
One true love never came,
Nor to fly as birds teeming,
Now all is shipwreck of age,
Ah, but to drown dreaming.
Our paths crossed,
a way many times.
But we had to meet only
when the time was right.
Slowly, not now,
we just sailed on.
Thinking not twice,
what lies beyond?
The voyage has just started
and we will sail through.
Fighting all odds,
against the pirates of the sea.
Hands held together,
will dive off.
To depths unknown
discovering
what lies beyond ?
A poet's love is so divine
It is forever remembered in pretty lines
Each passionate kiss a letter in a sentence
That has become part of the masterpiece that we call life
We write about it all the time
The sun and the moon and the way stars collide
And shipwrecks that got swallowed up by the tide
And the imaginative way we turn relationships into raging storms
Every move we make is another poem born
From my loneliness and my love and my heart and my mind
You became ink and I wrote pretty lines.
I have expanded through one million dimensions and still I remain flat.
Paper walls surrender my paper heart to the words that erase themselves with age.
If there is meaning I find it meaningless unless you got it right in one guess.
Can you feel blood in my lost chest as it circulates? Maybe that's a mistake.
Do dead men tell no tales or maybe they spin them lacking air to rattle through ragged dead lungs still pink yet misunderstood? Dust that settles behind twinkling stars lets me down above this silent neighborhood.
I think we all grow up to be pirates, Y'know the kind that the Pan hates?
Betraying our childhood dreams and aspirations for backgreens and exasperations.
If this ship is sinking I want to be the anchor, watch it all crash down in slow motion, while it buries me at the bottom of your endless ocean.
Tick, tick, tick. The clock have ceased their tocks.
Cover to cover I think I have found another darling. Can this tale continue to spin while the world above changes page by page?
We need more pirates
A few Robin hoods
Not forgetting Ghandis
And others who give a F###
The worlds in the shitter
Religions half to blame
The rest is down to the ruling class
1700s again.
ATOS are the healers, Lib Dems are all confused.
UKIP are crazy and Labour's coloured blue!
So let's have some pirates some men stuffed full of rum.
Do a Guy Faulks and this time
BLOW THEM UP!!!
I scream and I dream
I frown and I drown
A sea of melancholy engulfs me
The wave caresses my cheek, then passes by
As I begin to make my way down
I remember what I 'd forgotten
And people appear, crystal clear
Faces I knew
Bodies I touched
Souls I explored
They silently muster what I've become
Hollow features and lifeless limbs
They look like dolls grown up
There are more and more, until I lose count
They encircle me, one desperately tries to speak
Only to be silenced by the sea
Now they grab me by my arms and carry me down
to the bottom of the sea, where my feet touch ice cold ground.
Surrounded by statues of sand
your face lights up this dark place
like it always used to.
A confident gaze, a wry smile
you haven't left for a while
You've been here and I've been somewhere else
we've been in the same state, but never the same place.
You open your mouth and words break out
They sound artificial, like they're from a tape recorder
They echo back at me from everywhere in the sea
He who travels to the bottom of the sea
Has learned oh so many things
But if he ever goes back up again
all those things he will forget.
And now here I am
Alive and awake
Pouring cold water over my face
Staring in my bathroom mirror
and it stares back.
. . . I have been seeking a new kingdom to call home and your <strong>heart</strong>, like a castle hides behind great walls,
where both the strong and weak share embarassing flaws.
Unlike just any castle, yours is not on top of a great hill,
nor in the midist of a forest beyond where the waters chill,
its right infront of everyones face who decides to pay attention,
funny that many by pass it because they never seek it, but are ever seeking attention.
Unlike in fairytales, its guarded by pride, humbleness, care and a <strong>huge ego</strong>,
it rages against anyone who tries to <strong>love</strong> and care for it, but when it <strong>loves</strong> back, it never lets go.
Like any castle out there, forcing yourself in will <strong>hurt</strong> both you and those in it,
the hours you'll take destroying can not be compared to the years you'll take rebuilding it.
So I made up my mind to stand at the gates of these great walls, perfectly built brick for brick,
to proclaim my honour and loyalty for you,to make a <strong>promise</strong> and stick to it,
because I would rather help you guard it, than play pirate to break down your walls.
So <strong>Knight</strong> me your <strong>majesty</strong>, as I report for duty to guard and protect everything that lays behind your great walls. . .
. . . let me make it my new <strong>home</strong>. . .
The water waits on us as we lay upon the sand.
Waiting, waiting for our bodies to become one.
You say, "I do not know how to swim
and I say, I will teach you.
But that is a lie,
it is the water that will instruct us both.
We walk into the water until it laps at our stomachs,
it surrounds us; our fingers, toes, breasts, tongues, lips;
our naked bodies held by the oceans soothing caress.
The water doesnt think of our fear.
It holds us. It sways our bodies.
The water cannot sense our doubts, our joy,
it only senses we're there waiting within it;
another tiny thing suspended in its grip.
My hands under your back are like small hover crafts
balancing you in the water that holds our smiles.
Our lips and tongues meet in a tender and watery dance.
The ocean doesnt know were smiling,
doesnt sense our urgent breath,
it is without conscience, yet exhaling with us.
It could easily wash us away if it knew our thoughts;
the evil outside of this moment,
instead it holds us there like a pirate ship,
a vessel that met its fate long ago,
frozen beneath this massive thing
lapping our nakedness,
the thing that brings us to sway.
You plead, "Don't let me go!",
and I say, "I've got you. I'll never let go."
But this is another lie.
If the ocean wanted, it could take you from me,
swallow us both, that we congregate with pirates.
My tongue now glides over your prone body
as your hands begin to reach down.
Your nipples, without conscience, greet my lips,
your hands, reaching for me, do battle with the sea.
and i'm a sad heart
in a stout body
with a thirsty mind
longing for reprieve
my bones are weary
like crystals my teardrops
shatter into a million fractals
there is no space for wholeness
no room for one piece
i am a sad heart
in the shape of a shipwreck
i will become extinct now
because the cows that i love
to eat and drink will have
no more grass to mow
leaving machine processed
foods for nourishment. eliminating
the use of my four-thousand dollar
orthodontic pretty white pearls and
find worth in the five-thousand
dollar allo-derm gum implants.
i will become extinct now as
my forty-year-old digestive
system in which has been pumping
iron exercises three times a day
testing its strength with an
8 ounce filet mignon will have
no use any longer so long
to my habitual adult grape
juice for the vines will have
no place to grow. soon theyll be
powderized. theyll capsulize my merlot.
i will become extinct now as
the sun sets but only
because its manufactured
like pirates of the caribbean
ride you dont know youre
inside. fake flames. fake heat.
fake sunsets which provoke my
deepest feelings. artificial now
emotions controlled to its
purest form snowboarding
on snoopy sno-cone creations.
replacing our creator with the
lastest inventions. i will
become extinct now.
for i cannot live this way
because my heart is real.
He was a sea captain who ran a very tight ship
The ships name was Evil Drift
Captain Hammersaw treated his crew as if they were slaves
Punishment would be harsh if they didnt behave
Once during a fierce storm, the waves would often overpower the ship and hit the deck, and cause it too dip
When one of his crew made a mistake in following the captains orders, Captain Hammersaw would throw a crewmember in the sea to the sharks
Captain Hammersaw would attempt to maneuver the ship and avoid the rocks
He was a shrewd Captain with determined powers
Captain Hammersaw could make one walk the plink with no time to think
Also the same that would feed anyone too the fishes of Davey jones Locker
But most importantly, Captain Hammersaw was a pirate that goes after treasure he wants and gets
But in Captain Hammersaws mind, there are no regrets
With the show of the sword, Captain Hammersaw is always determined in not to share
He is a captain you need to proceed in caution in beware
A man of the sea, an image figure who all can see
Into the waves of a ships unknown, and the fog that hide with the tails of another tide.
when youre living in two places at once
you're really not alive anywhere .
when your body is here,
and your heart is spread across the country,
and your mind is lost far out at sea,
youre truly nowhere.
for when your body isnt wrapped up
in the sturdy arms that claim it as theirs,
when you arent dancing together,
its just an empty vessel, a walking shell.
and when your heart is straining to reach
across mountain peaks and rivers and forests
its no longer able to love, to grow, to sing
its stretched so thin its barely hanging on,
its as hollowed out as the grand canyon
that it struggles in vain to jump over.
and when your body is empty
and when your heart is hollowed
your mind will wander far out of your reach,
it will sneak aboard a pirate ship,
and all of your faith, your courage, your sanity
they will be pillaged, and your mind will rest there
out on the high seas, with villainsthat look like friends
and it will drink their rum, til the bottle runs dry.
and you surely wont find that runaway
before it sinks to the bottom of the dark ocean.
and there youll be,
without body
or heart
or mind.
and you still wont be
with the one that you tried so hard to reach
that you emptied and stretched and sank yourself,
only to find out what you knew all along:
that when youre trying to live in two places
youre really not alive anywhere.
With rod and reel and bait in hand
They set out from dry dusty land
Six pretend pirate wanna be's
To terrorize fish repeatedly
Three each, port and starboard side
Anticipating the coming tide
Far away from safety's shore
These men of action, these men of lore
Swinging wide they toss their lines
As seconds tick off fishes bites
What's meant to be has come to be
From this scourge of the high seas
They came they saw they conquered all
As waves pound hard upon the bow
Call it a hunch, the weakest of the bunch
Didn't miss the chance to toss his lunch
After the score these troubadours
Made their way back to distant shores
Six pretend pirate wanna be's
Where legends are made on the high seas
A kiss from a firefly can cure a cynic of their cynicism, make the nonbelievers believe, help the hopeless grasp the illusions of hope, and even reveal the marvelous maps of the mind; because a kiss from a firefly (and what a brilliant buss it is!) steers one into a sloshy slumber that smears the line between deepest desires and fanciful fairytales:
The feisty fairy fights nymphs, trolls, goblins, terrible ogres, nasty pirates, talking elephants, one gypsy (mainly because she stole some pixie dust in attempt to fly away to her next destination), and two silver cats, who could read her mind and she did not like that; but the plucky pixie never did steer clear from the twinkling glitter-bugs who held the key to Wonderland:
&shy;She drifted off into a slumber and she dreamt of owning all the knowledge that could possibly be held and she dreamt about flying on the back of a dragon and she dreamt about walking on water and tumbling down the rabbit hole and she dreamt of sincere sorcerers and mischievous mermaids and pink penguins who could speak perfect Portuguese and she dreamt about falling in love and being a child again and she dreamt that her father could walk her down the aisle.
Oh, the wonderful whimsical kiss of fireflies killing the beliefs of nonbelievers who dare not dream of dreams, its a slippery slope for those who cant dilute delusionsa glorious path of the glowing!leaving them to wake with hopeless hope.
There are no Apaches
With flaming arrows and piebald ponies
There are no writhing jungles round here
There are no lost temples
Hiding untold treasures
There are no damsels to be rescued
By a knight on a white charger
There are no pirates on the high seas
No skull and crossbones flying
Above a deck bristling and glistening
With cutlasses and flintlocks ready
And hook hands and black eye-patches
In the sunlight of the Spanish Maine
There are no interplanetary wars
With hand-held laser guns
And weird creatures from strange worlds
They just do not exist
I learned this when
I was very very young
And I really wanted to be a pirate
By Phil Roberts
my sunny days were spent
cooking plastic spaghetti noodles over
a wrinkled sticker depicting an oven eye
while kate shuffled through invisible mail
and tended to our adopted stuffed animals
imitating her mothers affection.
my sunny days were spent
building lego castles on the cool screen-in porch
while the radio played mellow weezer
that was suddenly replaced by sparks
and foul smoke because of billys antics
with the hissing water hose.
my sunny days were spent
drawing tattered pirate maps on jelly-smudged
napkins that guided usthe brave hardened
rapscallionsto the attic to horde stores of
gold and to battle foes in the dusty shadows
with our swords made of cardboard.
my sunny days were spent
hiding and seeking until moms heels
clicked up the hot asphalt driveway where
she would chastise me for the mess i had made
of myself in cuts scrapes and grass stains
worn by me as medals of honor.
Motionless trees sinister
In their silence
Images swirl of twisting pirates
Shapes and shadows stoop
Contorted, turn and beckon
A voice whispers softly
Of things that only darkness knows
Shivering, eyes deceived
I mean why would you want to date me? I'm loud. I like to start a fight just so after we can make up I know not every time will make up but I do know that every time we will make out. Funny. I'm depressed I'm in love. I'm not in a relationship to have puppy love I'm in a relationship to be in a relationship. No if ands or buts.I'm a handful but I'm not high maintenance. I'm a shipwreck at sea. I'm hell and high water. I'm a tornado on the house you grew up with. Someone who wants to tear down your walls to see the beauty in you so then I can tell you about it. Someone who will point out your flaws, constantly. But only because I hope to work on them with you hope to help make you grow, in my own..blunt..ways. If we hang out too long I might...probably...get sick of you. And if we're too far away for too long I get jealous, confused... afraid. I'm strong. I am independent. I am someone who does not need you and I am someone who will not always want you. So I guess that's the beauty of me. I am no perfect human Nor will I ever be the perfect mate. I am crazy and weird and fun. I am stressful and passionate and want relationship neither one of us will ever forget. Because in a relationship that's just who I am.
I can totally visualize my situation
A relationship with my Cinderella is not yet
To come in this very intense moment
I need to stay closer to You, first
And everything from the start to the end will follow
I need to fix my life by the help of Your grace
Dancing alone in this floor will not be go well
The waves of the sound will be as harsh as the sea
So hold me tight, prevent me from the shipwreck
I know You know what's the best for me
Waiting may not be simple as speaking ABC
But truly, lingering in the property of God
Is worth waiting for and pretty good
Its like eating a well cook delicacy
Its open of the mouth feels enjoyment
I am a person who the watches beauty
Who longs to be with someone who loves me
Until I will breathe my last breathe
If you are willing, cleanse my inside and out
Let the love which coming from You overflow
..and when we kiss that sweet midnight
put out the light
and
fumble,
if I mumble in my sleep
I know
you'll keep my secrets safe
and that is why
I'd die for you,
'tis true I would
you are so good
to me
Clear your hazel gaze; you are completely submerged in an underwater paradise, suspended in the motions of the current. No, you're not drowning, I've given you enough endearment &amp; sustenance for you to breathe on your own- even in the abyss of my oceanic heart.
Of course, you always knew you could dear.
So smile &amp; sail along the swaying tides of teal, graze my shipwrecks with your gentle hands &amp; kiss along my roughest of reefs. Find a mermaid with an elfish face, maroon hair &amp; red lips to taste. Feel no limitations of world above the surface, staying in this place with you forever would be oh-so perfect. The albatross of our concrete lives, lived out in cities made of glass and steel, would never be found in a place such as this- we are forbidden to sustain ourselves through more of such unhappiness.
For down here, we simply float on.
We can get high in the waves, and sing all of your songs. For the water lifts all the worries we may have, in times when we are not strong.
You dove into me, simply chipping away at the stoical walls I've fashioned over time. The fortress comparable Alcatraz, I built to keep my demons in and every single soul out. But you, the flighty sea spirit (believe me we are birds of a feather), made your way to my castle among the waves; soaring over all misconceptions &amp; doubts.
Darting about in the water of a stream, following cool water into a vast deep lake, swimming in a vast school or exploring the secrets of a deep ocean, oh to be a fish who only needs to swim. I would lose all of my fear of water and jump for joy above the waves. I would hide under a cool rock and sit while the water rushes by me. I would have a simple life uncomplicated by the things that men and women are hassled with. I could spend a day exploring an underwater cave seeing what treasure a pirate might have left behind only to flick the glistening gold with my tail because it is worthless to me. My journey would be fascinating each day if I could be a fish, what fun that would be.
Today I went through my forgotten junk box
Looking for nothing in particular
Old papers, toys, books and frames
Trophies, memories both happy and sad
Well, there I was thumbing through them all
Surrounded by dust and spiderwebs
A useless chore I thought to myself
I decided to find something better to do.
Then I saw it under some books
Edges frayed and eaten by age.
I snatched it up and dusted away
Every ounce of dust and dirt on it.
My portrait held the picture of her
Her radiant looks and golden smile
I stared and felt I had gone back in time
To behold a beauty, God's own Monalisa.
A scarf on her head to keep away dust
Majestic eyes outlined by kohl.
Her lips were parted in a playful smile
Legs crossed, arms folded while she sat on a
rock.
Behind her the hills rose majestically
Beneath her the flowers formed a carpet of
colours
Above her the sky was a crystal blue
Even nature was trying to give her best.
That radiant smile that tugged at her lips
Those royal eyes that gazed at me
Those looks, that smile was all I could see
A heart of gold I'm sure she had too.
My newly found treasure thoroughly dusted
I felt like a pirate with a box of treasures
Indeed a treasure I had found
For the woman in the picture is my mother..
Sweet sounds of waves softly lap
On flecks of sun dipped copper sands
With gentleness the water swirls
In a kiss of frothy love on land
Splash of oars on a cobalt sea
While songs of sailors wane and fade
Aboard the ships of destiny
A cruise on an ocean's serenade
The sea gull swoops, oh hear the cries
Flap of wings fluttering the dock
Ferries roll on routes of spice
Midst the clap of waves on rocks
Crests of water heave and ebb
Touched by scales of coral scents
Whispers born in the wind
Sing of pirates, silk legends
In murmurs 'twixt rippling waves
Dreams float 'neath a setting sun
Whisked like boats in a river's flow
That sail across to meet oceans
Love notes of romance in the waters
Rhythm at feet, soaking wet
Dancing waves stir the heart
In a melody from the ocean's breath
In cadence pleasant when tis dark
On a night when moon and stars are laid
When the sky shines with silver light
The breeze plays music of mermaids
Though now no storm, 'tis serene
Soon the winds will ravage, rave
On this quilt of aquamarine
In a cacophony of thunderous rage
But for now, 'tis the conch, the shell
That sings those songs of the sea
I close my eyes and drift away
Swept by its magic and mysteries
Which do you prefer, Haunted Girl-
the city street sidewalk churned
up by heel and brogue
or,
the sweet-talk waves of home?
Settle in the sand while fingers
meld and touch the palms of hands,
let the hour glass beach pass
time between our toes,
have an appetite for shallow
dives amongst wave-tip whites;
whipped up by swells whisk,
stare until we sing for the dead men,
fire flares of affection in the form of kisses!
use a tool to sketch our future floor plan,
comment upon the Moroccan oil hair tan,
watch that man trace the coast of France upon his wifes thigh;
hear her cry as he reaches Cherbourg,
talk of Vienna flagship stores:
forerunner fashion you make look lace,
mention the trees and the shipwrecks,
past relationship breakups and upcoming commitments,
describe, in detail, what you hope to happen
and what happens to that hope.
Fly back home.
Who built the ocean?
Its just a whole bunch of water,
No fingers but man can it wave,
No online block damn's it will stream,
bi polar It's calm and mean at the same time
This thing has no eyes,
wait look it can sea!
How can it be still and still move things?
Shift tons,pirated the pirates,
Mirror for the stars, moon, and sun,
The secret to success you could
bottle it up and sell it,
Or You can faucet ,
make it move in a multitude of directions,
The 3rd rock central nervous system,
If your stare is cold enough it will freeze,
Its 32 it might need a filter,
get it hot enough it will create a head of steam,
when..............sorry thats just the first pint,
you'll have to wait for the gallon....
Love it0
Honor the sea
for the sailor in your blood.
For the lack of anchor
in my ankles.
I've been drifting sailor
since divorce papers
taught me how to choke
the eternity out of a vow.
I am great at leaving
what I love.
2. Mental illness runs
in my mother's family
so leaving was more
like a race for sanity.
A relay to forget.
I am afraid that Liz
has schizophrenia
because she stopped writing.
I am afraid that I too
may get caught between
a rock and a hard place
called depression.
When a poet stops
being a poet,
all that silence must leave
room forthe walls
to start speaking in tongues.
Love yourself out loud
because when homeless
holy ghosts can't live
in your poems,
they post themselves
in your dreams.
3. On the days
when your body feels
more alley than altar,
and you can't manage
to believe in any God
who could think
you are worth dying for,
go back to bed.
Scatter your sacred congregation
of bones beneath blankets.
Don't come out
til you feel whole again.
4. Love yourself to pieces.
Your muscles only grow
from being torn and rebuilt.
Destruction is a form
of creation.
It is okay to be shattered skin
And flooded eyelids.
It is okay to dance
in the middle of your ruins.
Movement is a sign of life.
Show the world you're
still alive.
5. Love this magic
called life, because you
are the child of magicians.
We, people of Black suits
and bow ties
of braided chains.
We, wands for wrists,
perfect for reaching
for potions and people
and dreams.
We, top hats for teeth,
perfect for abracadabra speaking
things into existence.
We, artists.
We, storytellers.
We, preachers and poets.
We who spit spellsdisguised
as spoken word.
Poems that work likeprayers
birthed between pews.
We, walking sanctuaries
who birth life. Love,
you are nothing short
of magic.
6. When my father moved out,
my mother stopped moving.
Became a southern shipwreck
of scriptures and beached
her hands across the crests
of my cheeks.
Looked at me to be
lighthouse during storm.
I read that as adults,
we try growing into the traits
that would've rescued our parents
but I'm hoping you never
feel the need to save me.
7. These days,
my mother's hips
don't miss a chance
to kiss a beat
likeStevie Wonder
was just invented.
And isn't it lovely?
How she finally
learned to wear
her lonely in the sway
of her shoulders to keep
the shame of an empty
ring finger from spilling
over her children.
Love, you come froma long
line of magicians who've
nearly died trying to pull off
a miracle like you,
but I don't need your rescue.
You are not anyone's SOS.
You are the result
of prayers wrapped in
the silk of southern accents.
My plagiarized draftof a poem
called God.
You are the only
graven image our creator
has ever commissioned.
Treat yourself as such.
these are the moments I will immortalise
I will stuff them and give them glass eyes
I will pickle them in jars
I will frame and polish them frequently
and I will make them into a gold chain to be passed down through the generations.
I will share, imprint and bore these memories into my children
they will be both humoured and obsessed with the descriptions
of when their mother embarked on many adventures
when they are young, they will imagine me as a fearless pirate.
as they grow, they will idolise the carefree teenager I am, no - <em>I was.</em>
they will know the times I ventured with friends,
who will hopefully be familiar to my children.
the friends who many years from now will be referred to as 'uncle' and 'aunty'.
they will know about all the road trips
and my habitual late night naps in the back seat
they will know the beat of the drums to the songs we listened to and sung at the top of our lungs
and I will play them to live those moments again -
<em>who says time travel doesn't exist</em>
I hope they will be able to smell the memory, mix of excitement and sweat hanging in the air of the car,
the breath of our youth steamed on the window
my children will know that I fell in love far too young
and, as their mother, these are the world's cruelties I will attempt to educate and shield them from.
because one day, my freckled princess will grow into the queen of her own castle
she'll lift the chin of her own baby and say,
'my mumma said to me, you've got to kiss a few frogs before finding your prince. Don't ever give up hope, because magic exists but it isn't always pretty and he's looking for you like you're looking for him.'
Keep you head down, baby. Keep running, 'cause I promise you're almost there.
but I will not undermine my children
and tell them they are too young to love,
for if they were too young to fall in love, how could they fall unconditionally in love with me?

(as I already am with them, aged eighteen)
I will tell them the stories of how I met their father,
I am unsure as to whether or not I know these stories yet.
<em>We</em> will tell them about the first time our hands interlinked and we instantly felt at home with each-other.

<em>when you know, you know.</em>
We will tell them about the sweetness and innocence that hung on our lips for that very first kiss,
and we will continue to kiss
as if it's that same first kiss
every time
<em>every day</em>
they can not deny true love if they witness it every day of their lives
it will be a living reminder
of the love our children were made from and bought into
and a living reminder
that I loved you,
that I love you
before I knew you...
because you're mine
kisses will be our family heirloom
memories are the best thing I can pass down to you
so my story is still being written
but it is not a forced template for my children's lives
I will hand them pencils, if they wish to draw over their pages
I will hand them fountain pens, if they wish to eloquently craft their words
I will hand them every colour crayon ever made, and let their creativity runover the pages
as free as their young, bare knees will be on the playground
I wish one day, they will read these words,
and know the memories of my teenage years that have been
and memories of my twenties, thirties, forties and fifties that have yet to be made
I wish they will read these words and they will know that I loved them before they even existed
I will have immortalised these feelings through my words.
So immortalise me, my loves, through your memories.
Unfolded is the storybook, the words come out in a flood.
Out pour the words more important than my blood.
The thoughts, the words, the movements and actions,
Flee from my mind and leave not a fraction.
Unfolded is the storybook, the words come out in a flood.
Congealing on a pool beneath me, consistency of mud.
The characters say goodbye as they fall, shouting out their curses.
A swan dive thrown to somersault as they leave my thoughtful person.
Unfolded is the storybook, the words come out in a flood.
Creativity lessened to match the drunk ones in the club.
unable to express myself, brain melted in a heap.
A blank slate of emptiness, thoughts ever obsolete.
Unfolded is the storybook, the words come out in a flood.
Leaking onto the ground in a sickly, sticky sludge.
How do they stand this emptiness, this awful lack of thought?
Dying, slowly draining, I feel as if I've been shot.
Unfolded is the storybook, the words come out in a flood.
Left with nothingness, a flower without it's bud.
I've become an empty, dried up pen, not sure what I was thinking.
Slipped into a dark below, a pirate ship sinking.
she is the cigarette smoked before bed each night. she is the poetry book resting by her bed (between the fish bowl and the liquor store receipt) she is the rum that trickles down her throat when nights are just too goddamn empty. she is from the nights where death feels more tangible than hope. she is absolution. she is resolution.
she is not like other girls. she is not sweet or submissive. she will not put up with your bullshit. she does not have galaxies in her eyes or flowers in her heart. she is born of gunpowder and lightning. with hair like the sun and eyes bluer than the fucking ocean, you will only see shipwrecks when you look into her smile. her mind is a maze. she eats boys like you for breakfast.
the truth of the matter is that you will never truly understand her.
you would lose your mind while trying to comprehend hers.
A tortured writer once there was
who toiled into the night
Locked in his lofty chamber
where stories could take flight.
'Twas a dark October evening
a moonless night and dreary
Tho ink was filled
no words would spill
He soon became quite weary.
The writer threw his quill away
and muttered with a sigh,
"No more midnight oil for me
the end of the wick is nigh."
Frustration with the flow of ink
had almost made him weep
Tho pot was full
His wits were dull
And so he went to sleep.
When next he woke
he found himself
Upon a stormy sea
'Twas black as pitch
The likes of which
He ne'er before had seen!
The sky was red and purple
There was a hellish wail!
A ghostly gleam
Glanced from the beam
And gibbered in the sails.
<em>What is this apperition?</em>
He cried unto the wind
<em>Where am I sent?
I must repent!
My sins you must recind!
Ah, NO!</em> Thus spake
The loathsome ghoul,
<em>It is too late for you!
You know full well
That you're in hell
Your options are now few!</em>
Her words sliced through
the lashing gale
And chilled him to the bone
For gazing 'round the
Phantom ship
He found he was alone.
<em>Forsooth!</em> bellowed
the tortured bard
<em>For now I know your scheme!
Here's the switch
You foul old witch
This is but a dream!
You see this sand
Within my hand,
Which through my fingers creeps?
This is but illusion
And I am just asleep!</em>
The banshee shrieked
And squeeled with glee!
She danced upon the deck!
<em>That is true, but now for you
This is a shipwreck!</em>
She spread her arms and chanted
The seas began to boil!
<em>Double double
Cauldron bubble
Trouble for your toil!</em>
The red wind howled
Like a pack of wolves
O'r an ocean black as tar
His heart froze
As waters rose
'Neith a sky which had no stars.
<em>Against this sea of troubles now
There's nothing I can do,
But in this dream
Perhaps is seen
An end to what flesh is heir to.</em>
The witch regarded him with hate
<em>Let me assist!</em> She roared
And swooping down
In devil's gown
She pushed him overboard!
He flailed about as he did drop
And couldn't even think!
She crowed with glee
For he could not see!
The ocean was of INK!!!
As he sank, his fear was rank,
Within those oily waves.
His voice was caught
But then he thought
<em>This will not be my grave!</em>
He asked for hell or heaven
To rescue him away
He escaped death
With his last breath
He began to PRAY,
Then sweet arms
wrapped 'round him
'Twas an angel! She did cry,
<em>Hold on tight, and do not fight,
For we are going to FLY!!!</em>
Out of the mirey ocean
She lifted him on high
The furious witch
Howled and pitched
Herself into the sky!
For a while she followed
Spouting curses as she flew,
But the angel's wings
Did soar and sing
There was naught
the ghoul could do.
And so the thankful writer
Got a brand new start
And so he plucked a feather
From the angel wing's soft heart.
Thus ends the epic ballad
Of POE. One Edgar A.
His legendary writing
Admired to this day.
Now at his will an angel's quill
To inspire him to write
For though he wrote of darkness
From ink as black as night.
He was an inspiration
For who could truly tell?
Annabel's love.
From heav'n above?
Or from the pits of HELL
She closed the door
On what could have been
Wiped the floor
Of what should have been
Cleared the shelves of our memories
Washing her hands
Of the eternity
That we had both promised.
She painted the walls, and decked the halls
With her new lovers pen
Changed the locks
So I couldn't see her again.
She wrote away our history
On a little post it note
And sent it in an envelope of
Divorce papers
She called in the painters and decorators
And started anew
Put to bed
All that we'd been through
And left me dangling
By a thread
Waiting for the phone to call
For any sign at all
That this wasn't true.
Waiting for the I love yous
That had warmed even the coldest of mornings
Better than any cup of coffee ever could
Waiting for the reassuring cuddles and kisses
That had made me feel so, so good.
Waiting
For
The one person who had always caught me, to catch me
As I fell
Head first into an abyss
Of late nights and stiff drinks
That she'd spent years, pouring down sinks.
But since she's been gone
I've picked up the bottle again
And it's began to throttle the pain.
So I drink down the past and remains in whiskey drops
Until the floor lures me
I lose sight of the clocks
And hit the decks.
If I was a pirate,
I'd make a mighty good ship mate
But as it is
I'm not and I'm late for work
And wearing odd socks
A shadow of the man I used to be.
And even my shadow doesn't recognise me.
We chased storms along decks of love notes,
Capturing the exhales of midnight sighs.
She painted my chest of hidden treasures
With lips kept prisoner by the tides.
We were a beautifully crafted shipwreck,
navigating our bodies to collide
and it sinks my heart to see her
sailing alone,
my pirate wife.
Pirate girls have the red-est hair
with an attitude of they don't care
After a night of heavy drinking
it's off to some more ship sinking
Barmaid's they have eyes of blue
that you can get lost into
Pouring one drink after another
any wonder why we love her
Soccer moms are where it's at!
Eyes of green and hair of black
Mini vans and low cut jeans
Sweet lil things of truckers dreams
Derby girls with bright blue locks
Hot pink skates and plaid tube socks
A date with them is quite a time
The way they roll will blow your mind
So many different girls
of so many different colors
Have the boys falling
all over each other
Saddened by
that lonely day
When all bright
colors fade...
to gray...
Looking into the vast sea,
unable to gaze into the endless ocean,
the reflection staring back at me,
oblivious to the surrounding commotion.
As our sails are set on fire,
the hole from the cannon is gaining water,
I can see i am about to retire,
as the pirates begin their slaughter.
First they slice my heart in half,
stomping upon it with a laugh,
then my soul is destroyed,
creating an endless void.
But you are safe within their grasp,
they do not hurt you,
you do not gasp.
You stare into my eyes as I die,
and away with then you go off and fly.
Nestled in a pencil case
And snuggled up in fluff
There snoozed a tiny pirate man
Of legendary stuff
He'd spied the hidden secrets
And trod the haunted shore
Blu-tack Beard the buccaneer
Scourge of the open floor
He stole a shoe-box galleon
And sailed the carpet blue
With pencil mast and paper sails
And crayons as his crew
They forayed on the crooked tiles
And crested every ridge
Blu-tack Beard the scallywag
The raider of the fridge
When moored up in the kitchen
With all his crew around
The captain showed to one and all
A treasure map he'd found
It bore a chart of distant parts
And quite a course it plot
It pointed to the bathroom lands
And tip-ex marked the spot
They crammed the hold with cornflakes
To feed them on their trip
They pulled hard on the piece of string
And weighed the paperclip
The crew they dragged their boat aloft
On neatly woven hairs
Blu-tack Beard the privateer
Surmounter of the stairs
They heaved their vessel restlessly
Atop the final brow
The crayon pirates caught their breath
And leaned against her bow
Then scaled tiny ladders
And each took to their post
Blu-tack Beard was at the helm
And watched the foreign coast
Through countless minutes voyaging
There loomed the bathroom door
They slacked the sail and went below
And each took to an oar
They pulled a mighty rhythm
Till their waxy arms were numb
And Blu-tack Beard the plunderer
Was beater of the drum
But though they pried in every nook
And each last inch of grout
They skirted round the skirting board
They tapped each silver spout
Illusive was their bounty
And they grew ever the crueller
They took their skipper angrily
And made him walk the ruler
He landed glum and ruefully
Amid the dirty socks
He heard the merry spiteful sound
Of laughing, taunting mocks
And saw the sight of mutiny
With waxen little smiles
Blu-tack Beard the cast-away
Alone among the tiles
He commandeered a washing cloth
And weaved himself a rope
He scaled the dreaded washstand
And stole a bar of soap
He carved himself a coracle
And set his sights on home
Blu-tack Beard the wanderer
Awash amid the foam
He slithered down the stairwell
And landed with a plan
For warmer climes and restfulness
A cocktail and a tan
And so he met his final port
Right then did he retire
Blu-tack Beard the pensioner
Of the warm spot near the fire
The plane touched down after a long flight that was true torture the whiskey had long since ran dry the coke had left me
with a headache and the movie was freaking me out
goddam you twilight.
Had a seventeen year old girl chose this film that reminded me
I needed to call my wifeto tell her I couldnt pick her up after highschool.
Apon landing I was met by strangemen all named bobby
im guessing to be a cop here you had to all be related
and named bobbyfine with me.
These men unlike there many named brothers across the pond didnt
have any weponsdear lord man wait a minutetake minewhat nice men these bobby clan were.
what was even better was this magic land had the sense to give them all the same name so when you were drunk you wouldnt forget it.
Why did we not do this the womenas well.
Apon searching my always ghost town of a walletone of the bobby
clan replied hey you know skeeter to?
JesusI wont even comment on that.
Apon my exit from the airport i was greated by something that was
a true blessing to any hungover eyes.
No sundear lordI also noticed these people had already been drinking.
For they were all driving on the wrongside of the road.
London was rainycold and soon to be Gonzo.
My trip beganlike any good writer slash reporter slash honrny retarded drunks would beginat the liquor store.
the bobby clan had taken my moonshine slash rocket fuel
oh wellleast the plane wouldnt be the only thing flying tonight.
The strange little speaking manwho drove the taxi rambled onas i applyed my social lubricatebetter known as boozehow i did miss wild turkey.
You fancey a fag?
Sir your attractive but i dont swing that way.
One thing seemed clear these people were all drunk
it brought a tear to my eyeI had finally found my people.
Wanna see the palace?
Why not althoughafter i had been to cessarsthis place seemed
kinda odd how did they expect it to make any money
with it all locked up?
Allthough the silent man outside with the black furry quetip hat was a draw.
The strange big earedman i met in the garden aftermy
well little fence hop hellbeing the human quetip didnt say anything
I figured he wouldnt mind to much.
Well the big eared man was rather plessantafter i offred him some whiskeysorryits a little weakthoose bobby boys took my good shit.
No worries you crazy bastardwanna fag.
Dammit man Ivetold you guysim straight.
After my exitand brief ass kicking seems thoose quetip people are silent but deadly my face soon kissed the pavement
as one repliedI belive him to be the one that wasnt special said thats what you get yank for speaking to the prince.
These people were worse than i thoughtI was a big fan of purple rain.
dont belive a word that man saidbesides he's a racesist.
never trust a man who can jump outta aairplane and glide to the groundunless he's dumbo.
One place to always seek refuge when in doubtwas a pub
least these people werent obsessed with if i was gay.
yes like a man in a church filled with like minded crazy people i was home.
Sharing a booth with a strange man creature who called himself Keith somethingwhat a drunk genius he was indeed.
rambling hours on end about shit I seldom understood.
but as long as he was buying i was happy.
Poor guyseems he was in a bandbut with a name like the Rolling Stones how far could they go.
after much more rambling and some bad jokes we were off
me and my struggling guitar playing friendwho dare I say it was on drugsI had met my true idol.
Always up for a prank we found areselves in he country
loading a bmw fullof horse crapwhen a old woman from
the mansion did appearunder the inffluenceanger with pitch fork in hand.
As we fledas well as staggerdI asked my drunk pirate friend
you know that old woman lookedPaulMaccartney That is Paul
Maccartney you tosser my sruggling sorta insane friend replied.
Running through the woods drunk at night is always fun
aside from thoose dam trees.
i was knocked flat as if i had been socked by skeeter
as i came to there thelegend stood overtop me
pitch fork raised wait befor you kill me sir please can i have
one last request.
I should have known Sir Paulrepliedhappens all the time who should i make the autograph out to?
Screw that amigo i pulled out my bible better known as my flask taking one last drink of fire waterthis was gonna suck.
When all the sudden a banshee's scream echoed in the forrest.
Holy shit mate were done forsir Pauls fear was clear as the wet spot on the front of his pants.
Tree's rattled what kind of monsters did this country hold?
the howl closer dammit Paul get of my back im not
your old song writting buddy.
From the sky the bashee did appearbut had little or no intrest in me
The battle was epic the pee stained warrior put up valiantand tearful fight.
The kicker was when she removerd her leglike some sort of Brittishsamuriall i can say is hot.
She swung like Mickey Mantle or maybe it was mouse im not a big footall fan anyway.
Sir Paul knocked stone cold outthe she demon turned her attention to me. And you!
She howled her leg wepon raised high in the moonlight
it was i know what your thinking romantic.
I deffended myself as best i knew how by falling to my knees crying pleading for my lifedam you bobby clan were are you now.
But to my suprize she only laughed silly yankhelp me go through his pocketsbefor the old bastard wakes up.
we searched finding many thing's hey whats this a flash light?
Dammit i should have known better than to look through a grown man's pockets.
Had I not learned anything from my uncle.
The moon the she banshe with the removable leg
My drunk struggling muscian friend from a little blues band it was a magic night indeed.
As I sit by the firelooking at it hanging over the mantle.
I wonder when will i again return to thisstrange and Gonzo place.
And how the hell I was gonna explain were that leg came from.
Untill next time kids stay crazy
Gonzo
After childhood sleep,
Of days into dawning,
Shucked of dusted clay,
Eyes set unto fawning,
Then, the rowing began.
Shy gentle waves lulling
As it does for Everyman
Who seeks loves' culling.
In a tempest of blue sky,
I was engulfed so plain,
That time was sore to eye,
All suitors never maidens.
One true love never came,
Nor to fly as birds teeming,
Now all is shipwreck of age,
Ah, but to drown dreaming.
Who inspires us?
Who says its not okay to be wrong?
Why do I have to know what I want out of life right now?
Why is this day so long?
Maybe I want tobe an astronaut
Maybe I want to be a mermaid
Maybe I want to work a job where I don't get paid
What if I want tosail a pirate ship?
What if I want to panhandle?
What if I want to make my own signature candle?
How can you tell me no?
Who the hell are you to say what I can or can't do?
I'm going crazy
So stressed out
This is not what life was supposed to be about
I wanna travel the world
Find the lost city of Atlantis
I don't like the life I'm living
I <strong>didn't</strong> plan this
I didn't think my dreams would change
But they did
I can make my own decisions
I'm not a little kid
I may have a child's heart
I may even cry
Hell, there are some days that I wish I could fly
But you're taking my joy
You're crushing my hope
You're sending me down a slippery slope
You push too hard
I know you think you're right
But I need some inspiration
If only just for one night.
Devil unwary
Essential recognitions
Hours knock marketplace trash
Carnival unfortunate
Shipwreck pilgrims
Hellish wisdom never found in eggplant mush
A sailor loses his wife in a shipwreck in early Spring, 1953
Never remarrying, the sailor sits in his beach house with his son
Staring out to sea, day in and day out, watching the waves break against the coastline
Fall, 1984, the sailor has a stroke
The sailor does not speak for thirty-one more years as he lays silent in his cot
The summer of 2012, his son climbs the stairs to his fathers room
As his son leans in to kiss his father on the cheek
His father whispers to him
There is a diamond in that ocean.
Chasing camels knowing nothing
Faded, crossing the grass!
Dollar signs in my hair, nothing nothing, despair
Something sweeps along!
Pirates (become) cool again, kingdoms crossing dens
I wonder what keeps you afloat!
In the end however
You shall ought to ought discover
You better pay attention
Cause those wallabies wont be merciful today
An hundred dirty dozen
The earths cosmic crap
Dont worry about a thing
Let it all hang out loose
The floating desert above my window
Seeing cacti from miles around
That melty feeling in the floor
Buddy, buddy, buddy, buddy
Cortisone, Caroline, chlamydia
Ryan Reynolds dirty fat old swine
Never letting go of this once-ward prime
Purple moles with drills on their heads
Green dotty daughters of pinkness concoction
Creation of the nullness of the black thing-a-mah-bob
Relapse and relax, do your slam thing.
My soul is lost
Because...
I see the night, and its full of stars.
Stars that have die, for a billion of light times
And my heart
Has lost it all, in less than a blink of an eye.
How can I survive
When mother nature,
Is full of life
A life...
A life of this heart, that will never survive.
Because I am a pirate, of your galactic love life.
The reluctant rain
and the desperate wind
held a funeral service
that day.
The clouds held
like hands
Over the skies dimmed face,
Tempting the thunder gods.
An ebony hawk
oscillated its bill
over the reserved Sauk Land.
Seizing life like gold.
Tomorrow is the Middle East
And loot smells of oil tar seized.
Beware the Pirate Tribe
enslaving the Seven Seas.
By: Cedric McClester
Yo- ho- ho
And a bottle of rum
Watch the worlds greatest pirate
Because here he come
Of course, its Donald Trump
Nigga is you dumb?
Now I guess its plain to see
Where Im coming from
Yo- ho- ho
And a bottle of rum
I dont want it all
Ya see, I just want some
But when I watch his moves
It just leaves me numb
Now I guess we all wish
That he hadnt run
Yo ho- ho
And a bottle of rum
Whatever hes offering
I dont want none
All I ever wanted was
My place in the sun
And to avoid being shot
By a semi-automatic gun
Yo-ho-ho
And a bottle of rum
Everybody says that
That idiot is dumb
His ignorance is piling up
By the ton
But he believes in tweeting
And some gulfingfun
Cedric McClester, Copyright  2017. All rights reserved.
MrRight or maybe now or later
Dear Mr.Right,
I think I understand now.
And I get it .
We sit waiting.
Seconds.minutes.hours. days.
For the someone in our life to complete us,
to wrap our wounds and mend our hearts.
To laugh at the jokeswe tell even when they arent funny. no especially when they arent funny.
To challenge us and to make us forget, but allow us the space to remember.
To know when we want to be held,
but dont know how to ask,
a mate,
a lover,
a friend.
And we wait.
Believing and hoping they will come and rescues us from the tower,
to fight off the demons and the dragons of the mundane day to day life.
And to win our hand, for rescuing us.
And we sit and wait as we expect them to tear down the walls of our imprisonment whether mental or concrete,
as we become less,
we become dormant,
when we have been given the same tools and opportunities to tie up the bed sheets or cascade our hair down, to escape,
to be free, wasting away in the waiting
I want to warn you
I am not sitting on my bed waiting,
do not look for me in the kitchen making the pies to appease your hunger,
I am out collecting treasures,
and having adventures,
and making memories
with hook and finding my way with pirates,
and traipsing with sinners while believing in saints,
you wont find me with apple scented skin but maybe lemons,
or grass,
or the sea salt ocean
or dandelions,
because I am lying in the meadow looking up at the stars breathing in cold air,
and thinking of you
but you will not find me waiting for the world to be put back on its axis or ask atlas to put down his burden,
im not running away, but Im not waiting in a tower held high above life.
Ill be among the disciples and the hipsters, brushing off the mud of my jeans and rolling down hills with children,
kissing boo boosand fighting my own demons.
And one day well meet and I ll ask you where were you when I was waiting and maybe you will say looking for you. or maybe youll say I was waiting for you. And well be happy to find each other.
I will not let life pass me by while i am waiting, but Ill put pieces of me in all my letters left to tell you of my adventures,
If you thought Id be less pirate more princess Im sorry to say maybe its better this way. I am not dormantly waiting,I want too much for that, Iwant to know me before I find you. I want to be single and appreciate the entire bed and not having to share, to look in the mirror and to know my own worth and beauty, and maybe these things will come later in life before or while you are around. I know not your name or the hour in which well meet but tonight Im thinking of you. Catch me of you can.
|PART TWO|
<strong>DYOU KNOW
THAT FEATHER
TOOK 23  DAYS
TO LAND</strong>
<em>Courtesy is not making fuss
Swallowing the disatisfaction
That grows as you
Realise this is the end
Quickly think up some wise words
To sign off with</em>
ENTERING NOW, like
A man marching in honey:
A birdwatcher with a foot-long prime
on his single-reflex camera,
Also, enter with pages stuffed in your pockets,
On which are shown pictures of birds to identify,
Explaining where they nest and
The altitude at which they fly with
A detailed history of their forest-call-cry
He left in a rush,
A cup of tea (milk, no sugar, weak, hard water)
Was left untouched cooling,
But not at the speed that he sped down the road,
Spotting a thrush and releasing the wheel,
Fumbling for binoculars with excited hands,
Faith until death or heaven!
Even when hes identified the bird, still
No one is steering his burgundy rover, still,
His hands are busied
By the focus wheel,
Wont look away,
In focus, out again,
In once more,
<em>Look at him! Show off!</em>
His shutter snaps shut and alarm spreads
Amongst the birds and they dart away in groups
Fast as watercolour, laboured
And blurring in mid-flight
It takes a second or two for the echoe to die
Echoes find places to rest
Amongst the blades of grass
Humming in wait of a second coming
A matchstick structure, sublime
In its intricacy and perversion
Of classical architectural traditions
Starts to collapse, later,
In good time, wait, and see
The matchsticks hit the surface,
Almost in reverse, it rattles
The table with fine-rain
Levels of cymbal crashes and violence,
If an ear was to listen
It would register the tinnitus that
We hear in our denial of pure silence.
Our denial of mortality
In its entirety, we laugh at those who
See ghosts on the west country coasts,
Those who dare catch a glimpse
Of long-departed lovers
On the boats that return from
Here or there,
Or solemnly sink
With conviction, miles from land
And there will be those who will
Want to understand
This woman we now see,
Was once married to a captain of ships
That sailed in the formation
Of an arrow, long and narrow,
He sank them all, bequeathed
His fleet to the icy grips of
That body of water famous
For having strong arms and
Snatching hands. She will never
Know if it was part of his plan.
He wrote her once to explain,
But the postman was caught
In the rain of springtime,
That time which is known to be
The season of showers,
And, attached to the grim mornings
Are the cruellest of hours
That postmen share with no one else,
But the letters, have so much life sealed inside,
Sealed by a human tongue
With traces of every kiss
In his pride, the postman did not give the
Soggy letter to the captains bride,
It ended up floating from here to there
Unintelligible for sure, the ink
Ran carelessly into puddles and drains,
When the ships all sank
They said nothing remained
The envelope was sealed by a kiss
By now it has found its way back to the sea
By way of rivers, tributaries,
Carried by wind and leaves,
On the feet of hikers that rest
On their backs under a canopy of trees,
It ran down the hills and salted
Ever so slightly more the sea
Where her captains body is found
And if he opens his eyes hell
See how his letter was returned.
If he opens his eyes.
She is running towards the house
Love, restless as the wind that determinedly
Keeps us all awake, it makes dull noises in its
Late night reflections on an unfulfilled existence,
It rubs its snout on rocks and stretches
Itself around their base to release frustrated energy,
They start to come loose and tumble into the sea,
Splashing the coastline with the tears of
Shipwreck tragedies,
The fallout of her uncertainty
In the ways of love,
Feeling so high up above her captain and unable to touch
His memories
That in fact never set foot on land
Her skirt is up above her knees,
Both feet off the ground,
The jangling sound of her keys are
Like thunder in this slowed down world
Where the worm is still journeying
To his hole and the bird
Is like a badly tuned channel
Where you cant make out a single word
She runs towards the front door
Her moist eyes, familiar with
These skies that describe ominous clouds
And rain that hammers the floor
Again and once more and soon
She feels she will be buried in ice
With both of her husbands,
She sees him doubled over by the window
Panic in slow motion is like
A ship slowly upturning
In the drama of desolate sea stretches
That have swallowed so many
She moves, fast as a fastened shadow
Stretching.
Like life, reflected on the back of a spoon,
And the sun, finally, swallowed the moon
The Whiz kids gaol

Once upon a time there was this kid named Brian Mandler who was 14 years
Of age and was sort of obsessed with figuring out a way to catch and reform
Really dangerous criminals. When he explained how hell do it to his family,
They told him that they dont want to hear it and they all leave the room and
Brian went to his room and got onto his computer and started to track
Down some dangerous criminals and as well as that he will watch Australias
Most wanted and unsolved mysteries to make sure he is up to date with the
Goings on and when he catches them he will give them a pill which puts
Them to sleep and it makes them dream that they are on TV and Brian
Can watch it to keep him informed on their goings on.
When he saw the first criminal who was named David Perton Brown who
Was a real evil child snatcher who loves to pray on vonerable kids who
Havent got good lives as well as robbing themand leaving them to die
and then hell do about 180 on the freeway trying to kill families
On their way to their holiday destination and quite often he succeeded but
This time Brian got onto his computer and said that he wants to get David
And put him on a early morning childrens show called the Saturday Morning
Cartoon hour where hell meet people left, right and centre and most of those
People will be children and hell have guests who will give him heaps for the
Crimes that he did and also hell have a visit from the police every 4 Saturdays
To really check up on him but he had to make the kids unaware by posing to
Make sure that kids say no to drugs and lifts with strangers and that meant
That the host could try something outside.
As well as that Brian put him on a nightly music show because some of his
Victims are now teenagers who like music and Brian made him the sort of
Host that will constantly goof up a lot.The program was called The Talent
Quest and hell be teamed up with 2 police officers who are making sure there
Is no funny stuff going on.
Brian planned to keep him in his little gaol for a long time till he starts to settle
Down a bit.
The next criminal is Joshua Tartwright who is a vicious modern day pirate who
Takes adults over 40 and holds them captive in his little boat and he has been
Doing this for about 12 years and Brian got onto his computer and told it
That he wants Joshua to on the pirates of the Carribean TV series and keep him there till he realises that he is no match for those pirates
And he doesnt feel like kidnapping them anymore but this was hard to get him
To take the drug and Brian had to get to rough police officers to hold him down
And then force feed him till he his knocked completely out and then his life as
A television star started. Joshua was excited about being on a pirate show and
He wanted to email all his friends but he was stuck in another world and also
He was the one the pirates wouldnt leave alone and he felt weird and wanted
The drug to wear off but we all know that when it wears off its dinner time.
As he started the pirate show it was hard for him to be his own man because he
Was kidnapped straight away it was hard for him to understand what this
Dream meant and was trying to tell Brian that he wants his blood.
Brian jumped on the computer and said how about we keep him captive there
For 2 hours and then it would be dinner time and hll enjoy that.
Meanwhile Brian wasnt scared one little bit and watched the television to
Catch another criminal and it was Mark Dellar who tried to make John the
Baptist (the religious fellow) look evil by coming into the Christian church and
Preaching that John the Baptist was evil and every thing that he did
John the Baptist was telling him to do it and the Christians were very
Upset and screamed so loudly as Mark stole money from everyone in
There and Brian got onto his computer and said that he wants to put
Mark in his gaol and make him a religious guru to be put onto Television
At 5 am every weekday morning as well as listen to good peoples
Prayer requests and he must help them as well. The first request was a
Man who is terminally ill and there is no way he will get out of it and
This man yelled at him in the prayer request that he sent and Mark
Tried to tell him that he has nothing to worry about because God
Is on your side and Brian got onto his computer and made the walls
Cave in and knocked Mark out and the man just ran away saying
We won the first battle and Mark woke up and he had a cup of coffee
And a biscuit waiting for him and he was relieved but there were more
Strange cases in his dream and Brian is there to reform him.
Brian thought it was a good job he gave him as a Television preacher helping people get better than making people feel Worse which what he was doing..
Brian watched more of Australias most wanted and saw a group of
Violent and dangerous armed robbers who were knocking over 7
Eleven stores and rich peoples houses as well as stopping the
Families from going out and having fun and Brian had his little
Plan to get them in his little gaol. He wanted to play them at their
Own game by pretending he was a rich powerful man because
He had more dangerous things than any robber like his booster
Shot in which Brian wanted then to be cops in televisions cop
Drama cop department in which they deal with dangerous criminals
Like them each day and Brian thought that they will reform if they
Knew the kind of trauma they were putting their victims through and Brian
Keeps them there forever if they dont reform even if it eventually kills
Them so the crooks cant escape because Brian is too powerful for
Any of them.
Brian sat their laughing at the armed robbers playing cops and at
One moment they were locked in a security vault which had a
Bomb in it which is set to explode in 20 minutes and Brian went
On the computer and said let the bomb go off and then they will
Be put back in their beds and we will have lunch for them before
We torture them some more and then Brian sat down and said
What a job well done but there are still heaps of dangerous criminals
He needs to catch yet
Brian turned on Americas most wanted and there was the Texan rapist
Who preys upon women in their 20s by luring them into his panel van
And keeping them tied up in his back shed till they are killed and Brian
Said that he wants to catch the Texan rapist and start him on stint on
General hospital where he will play a young woman who is the target
Of a never ending rape.
The police took the drug off Brian and went straight to the Texan rapists
House to give him the drug and at first he wondered why he needed to
Take these drugs because he wasnt mental he said and there is nothing
Wrong with him and he refused to take them and tried to escape and
Then Brian got onto his computer to make him too slow to get away and
Brian was happy to get him onto General hospital and make the old ladies
Very happy.
When he first fell asleep there was a rapist at the end of his bed and wanted
To get within his sheets and really let him have it and the Texan rapist was
Screaming so loud stuff like Let me go Im a man not a woman but this
Rapist just heard the innocent lady scream and there was no way that he
Was to escape and Brian was laughing like crazy at the Texan rapists bad ordeal
And went onto the computer and said I want him to be attacked every day
To understand what it was like for his victims and they started to employ
People to play the rapists straight away and Brian was happy to see that this
Plan of his is working very well.
Brian was the envy of all his friends but noone apart from his best friend
Thomas knew about it because of the closeness of their friendship,
Brians secret was safe with him.
Brian and Thomas went to the park to have a drink under the tree
Together and talked about their lives and Brian isnt aloud to talk about
His gaol life just in case anyone was around and at the moment noone
Could suspect anything.
After Brian had a break he watched more of Australias most wanted and
Saw there was a man wanted for bank fraud who is on the run in Brisbane
And Brian wanted to track him down and give him the drug that puts
Him in his little gaol where Brian will put him on as victim of fraud who
Was on Brians fake edition of 60 minutes until he realises that what
He did is wrong and that he will never do it again and when the police
Arrived at his house to give him Brians magical reforming drug he put
Up a fight and started to flee away on foot down the street that he lives
In with some police following him and others contacting Brian to use his
Powers to make him slower and catch him and give the drug to him and
Put the fraud man who doesnt tell people his name into his little gaol and
When they did Brian was so happy of all the crooks he caught without
A worry in the world , Brian watched the episode of 60 minutes and
Really enjoyed him suffering because of all the people he made suffer
He needs a taste of his own medicine.
They asked him what is it like to be a victim of fraud and do you think you will
Ever see that kind of money again and he told them that he wants the money he
Stole so he could go to the Bahamas and cruise around looking for chicks and
Brian went straight to the computer and said keep ribbing him because its fun to
Make this guy suffer because what he did was terrible so rib something fierce.
Brian watched this music show and He was happy that the young people who were at the music festival were
Really letting him have it and this really entertained Brian a lot and
Then he switched it over to the Talent quest where our criminal was being
Told he was talentless and was upset with the whole outcome of it all, he
Threatened to jump off the top building and be dead forever and Brian
Went onto the computer and said that there is no way that he will die if he
Jumps off the roof to the ground, in fact he will just wake up and a guard will
Be there to keep an eye on him and now he was aware of the fact that noone
Could escape from Brians little gaol.
The Saturday morning cartoon show went very well with the child snatcher
Being teased by 2 11 year old girls and one 7 year old boyand he nearly lost it and Brian was so happy that they were teasing him.Then he told the kids that
He will kill them all and Brian went onto the computer and said dont try any
Funny stuff because there is no escape for you now fella,and then he put
one of the cartoons which was our modern day pirate who was being tortured by Blackbeard and Brian was happy because this man needed to know why he is
in this little gaol of Brians, and then he went onto his computer and said to
Blackbeard too never let him get free because what he was doing to these
Adults was a very bad thing and then he went back to his chair and laughed at
Blackbeard the pirate torturing this modern day pirate like a lamb to the
Slaughter.
Blackbeard also made to walk the plank and Threatened to cut his head off
Agreed that it could be fun to see him suffer. Like what it was like for him
In the end of his life and the pirate said please dont kill me please dont kill
Me I am a modern pirate and in days to come pirates have a lot of vegeance
Than in these times and Brian went to the computer and told them to
Chop his head off once and then keep trying to do it so he could suffer
And that would be heaps of fun Brian thought.
Brian turned it over to general hospital where his Texan rapist was screaming
In the back boot of a car and noone could hear him except for Brian who was
Watching him and he got up and wrote on the computer He wants them to
Feed his body to the sharks at 11.59 am so he could be ready for lunch.
He switched the TV over to the cop show where our armed robbers thought they are in the perfect job because there were no crimes around so they just sat down
And relaxed and Brian wasnt happy and went to this computer and told
Everybody to put on a few situations to make them really suffer like they
Did to the police on Earth and then suddenly there was a call on the 000
Saying there was a mother and her 13 year old son locked in their panic
Room while the robbers were having a field day robbing the place
and the cops went straight there only to find out that this was their first
test, because when the reached them the crooks turned on them and
left the mother and 13 year old son in the panic room and Brian went
to his computer and said I want these so-called policeman to try to save the
mother and son instead of trying to kill the police and if they dont they will
flunk the test.So one of the policemen went into the house and tried to
save the mother and son while the other two were having a gunfight and the
policeman who was in the house saving the victims couldnt get the door
opened and screamed for his mates to help him but they were too busy
having a gunfight in the front lawn with the neighbours scared for each others
safety, and Brian went to his computer and said give these bloody gunfighters
a wake up pill because they dont seem to realise what is really important
here and that is saving the victims and not killing the cops like cowboys
and Indians you bloody fools.
While all the caught prisoners eating their meals Brian watched Australias most
Wanted to try to catch some more crooks and they told him about the
Charnwood child snatcher who lived in as the name suggests Charnwood
And he took street kids off the streets and he would tell them that he has the
Perfect home for them and as a matter of fact he would tie the kids up
And when they die of starvation or dehydration he would take them out
To the cow paddock and let the cows pick at them and When Brian heard
The details he got straight up to his computer and said that he wants to
Put the Charnwood child snatcher on a new show called Sugary who is
A very witty and smart seal who is befriended by this 8 year old boy who
Is the Charnwood child snatcher because Brian wanted to teach him
Not to destroy the familys lives, like he did when he kidnapped their
Children from them.
Brian sat down and watched the first episode and they had this evil
Genous who wanted to take the seal and sell him for seal meat and
The boy was so determined to stop this crook he would stay out and
Guard Sugary all night and hours and hours went by and noone turned
Up and the boy was determined not to leave because Sugary was his
Favourite pet.
When the crooks got there the boy jumped up and said If you want
Sugary you have to take me as well and the men said Whatever
And shoved the kid in a bag with the attempt the kill him and then
Kill Sugary soon after and Brian got up to his computer, dont let them
Be killed, just keep him tied up till the end when the parents come to save
Them and make sure that sugary is safe as well.
Then Brian sat down and saw The father rescue the boy and Sugary from
This evil genious and the evil genious said I will get you next time boy
Next time heh heh heh and then you wont escape from that.
The Charnwood child snatcher woke up and found himself locked in a room
And he looked outside and a lady has a cup of coffee for him and he took
The coffee and thanked the lady and sat down until it was time to take his
Reforming pill.
Brian was happy because the Charnwood child snatcher was forced to learn
The perfect family bond between parents and children.
About 5 hours later than that Brian sat down and watched the 6 o clock news
And they informed everybody with Christmas approaching there was man
Who escaped from prison who is a good santa claus impersonator and every
Christmas he would go to Santa School and pass the test and then hell be
Assigned to working in one of the shopping malls and that doesnt sound
Like such a crime and Brian was thinking this is a happy story until he heard
The next bit where he will get the kids to put their name and address so he
Knows where to go on Christmas eve and then he studies when the kids
Will be alone in the house and comes to their homes
Let's taste the ocean water together
just you and I
we will dive into the deep blue sea
holding hands til our heads are just floating on top
riding with the waves
and let's dive in even further after that
until we're kissing the ocean bottom
gulping in copious amounts of sea salt and shrimp brine
lets just dive in
dive in
dive in
and sink with the mollusks and octopi
give up on living this sham we call a life
cloistered in our clam shells we don't have a room with a view
always protecting our pearls from those that are out to poach us for our inner treasures
remember all the gold memories we've collected in our troves
like we were hoarding them away for some rainy day
well it doesnt get any rainier than drowning in these murky depths
we're like treasure chests sinking to the bottom fast
lost from some forgotten shipwreck
we're collecting on the ocean floor waiting to be discovered
over centuries we'll rust and be covered in barnaclesbefore we're found
Crumbling in the hands of those that try to rescue us
lets just give up
give up
give up
but we can't give up
Not yet anyway
Not while we're treading these waves
with sharks lapping hungrily at our feet
With rows of ravenous razor sharp teeth
savoring the slow taste of our defeat
as we inch closer
And closer
With our heads fighting to stay above water
til we can no longer tread with these useless arms and legs
we take that last gasp of treasured breath into our lungs
and feel the water pressure collapse around our tired bodies
feeling the ache of our worn out limbs
we sink and we sink
We sink
We sink to the bottom of where we started
filling our deflated hearts with all the failed dreams and squandered hopes of all the shipwrecked treasures that came before us
And all those that join us sooner or later on these murky endless bottoms
We've been here before
And we're all destined to be here again
And again
And again
So let's just keep treading these waves for as long as we can
Maybe we'll luck out and find an island in all this oceanic bliss
We'll crawl on shore
Grasping for dry sand and a warm place to hole up in
Before we find ourselves back out
Lost in the sea
Treading water
With sharks licking hungrily at our feet
With rows of ravenous razor sharp teeth
Savoring the slow taste of our defeat
You were so hot I spun twice to see, call me a <strong>fan</strong>
Your regal youth made my blood boil, call you peter <strong>pan</strong>
<em>You were like a <strong>boomerang</strong> I wanted to throw away but you kept</em> <strong>coming back to me</strong>,
<em>And maybe I've always been scared of <strong>hurdles</strong> and you were my biggest one, 'cause I just can't</em> <strong>get over you</strong>, <em>you see</em>
I thought you were like a paradox:
<strong>Cool</strong> as ice and <strong>hot</strong> as molten rock
<em>You were like a magician with words, drove me so crazy I was pulling out my</em> <strong>hare</strong>,
<em>You steal my heart like a pirate captain when I</em> <strong>sea</strong> <em>you standing there</em>,
But you didnt have any morals, I deserve to call you <strong>whore</strong>ible
Yet you still think you're cute. you know? leaving my house the way you came would be a<strong>door</strong>eble
<em>I discovered your texts to her on my birthday, the cake was ruined with my</em> <strong>tiers</strong>
<em>You caught my Eye with your</em> <strong>animal</strong> <em>magnetism, but youve been a</em> <strong>cheetah</strong> <em>for years</em>
What? you think this is a <strong>game</strong>? No, you don't have a <strong>clue</strong>!
You had a <strong>monopoly</strong> on my <strong>life</strong> and now your name is <strong>taboo</strong>
<em>You said you needed some time and</em> <strong>space</strong> <em>to yourself you were the only one in the</em> <strong>galaxy</strong> <em>I Wanted</em>,
<em>I guess life never turns out how you</em> <strong>planet</strong> <em>and since you left I've been feeling haunted,</em>
Why did I believe you were a great <strong>catch</strong>? Just because you <strong>master balls</strong>?
You made me think we could <strong>smash</strong>; every second felt like a <strong>brawl</strong>
<em>Loving you was no</em> <strong>gouda</strong>, <em>though I</em> <strong>swiss</strong> <em>you now that youre gone, it isnt easy,</em>
<em>I said goodbye, Its not you its</em> <strong>brie</strong>, <em>sorry that was cheesy.</em>
You gave my life flavor but you were just a masked <strong>spy</strong>ce that made my life <strong>sour</strong> like limes
I know I need to <strong>chili</strong> but you have really bad <strong>taste</strong> and were out of <strong>thyme</strong>
<em>I need a</em> <strong>holiday</strong> <em>from your lies, my patience is running short
Im better off with you gone, and leaving you is my last</em> <strong>resort</strong>
I guess we didn't have that <strong>spark</strong> no need to be a<strong>stun</strong>ished,
<em>all I know now is: IT IS TIME YOU WERE</em> <strong>PUN<em></em></strong><em>ISHED</em>.
Submitted: Apr 6, 2010  Reads: 22  Comments: 2  Likes: 1
Intro, Intrude, trackers on our homephones. Smack dat back
We got the shacks we gotta cadilacs. We have the beat boys. Just to show off to our audience. Life so great we got to slow it down by running the white house like where tearing up an igloo. Hang out in the cribs we 100 percent juice. Only talent better get it. Like Shaq oneil as V.I.P. We got a thing and we can't stop M.I.B with a top collar buttoned. Skin so thick you think we're eskimos. Just couple American, Tryin to make a livin. With old time guitar strolls with a beat that can rip ya socks off. Were rappers and were rockin it. Bring it to the times when lifes all good nobody hurt us yeah everyone will honor we in the hood
Chorus:
Government rock, Government, jump up to the clouds. Spread the waves with your arms. Spread your love wit ya hearts
--------
Beatbox with politics. Were pumping out america with this Punk block. Echoing of the top of the oval office. Let see it Hillary dance till the votes come tumbling in. Bling bling rap so hard where dancing on pots of gold get tangled in the silly putty. You know whatta I mean ice so keen while the girls stay thin. Spreading there white glow from their mouths and I love when they show it to everyone around them. Someday wheaties box gotta sell our records with the cereal the kids love to eat for breakfast. They'll Call us the 3 with the platinum series. But between you and me we all the same. Just different trades Our grillz shining to the stars on stage.
This is the sound, this is the show. Gotta turn it up like the volume on our sterio. Cheerion Cheerion, Bring it on.
With our political right. We vibe white house all night.
Mouth so dry slurring with the sting of our words.
Around we come again. There we roll again. Bringing the band in the
Chorus
Government rock, jump up to the clouds. Spread the waves with your arms. Spreed the love with ya hearts. Wax on wax off. With karate man.
------
We gotta a brand named band, don't know about us.
We no loser. Just a little closer. Making a way to train this place to fame. Want my card yo. Got to drive to elderado. In a mustang, baby. Thats right you heard me.
Can i hear an amen Yo its like nobody knows. What indwells in the sounds we place on our miches. And the times we get the power. To scramble the crowd singing louder. Everyone floating on there toes. Like tap dancers. Don't make type error whe nyou report to the news. Theres the president now break prancing switch om a pirate ship. Aint no soul left out alone
and to think, someone might find this bollocks interesting... well... that's bio- / cognitive- diversity for you; whatever floats your boat, in this ocean of such variance, as is readily available. so that's three czech beers and a few smokies in the afternoon, right? yep.<em>
you know how, bloody hard
it is to get into russia?
you don't have to be an
edward snowden for easy
access...
what you need is,
is a russian girlfriend,
a metallica gig to go to
in moscow...
and a bullshit letter
planning your tourism
schedule, written by
your girlfriend's mother...
and then going to the russian
embassy in london,
and waiting for about 3 hours'
worth of approval deliberation;
it's not easy to travel to russia
as a common-joe,
shit, that's an americanism:
in english: a john smith.
oh fuck me, it's not bad over
there...
it seems a natural
gorilla behaviour,
in-breeding within
your own ethnicity...
and perpetuating it;
what, will some arab decide
to live in *s</em>beria?
i know, the acute alone could
be the stressor, but given
the " " in english, i might as
provide the heresy of giving
the syllable italics...
a bit like the heresy of writing
italics, p.c. (post-colon - :)...
oh fuck me, a smiley.
wink? ;)
english has become so
ugly... well, it was always
a crooked-teeth brigade...
with doth ye aye...
the fucking pirate brigade.
try getting into russia for a month
to experience the white nights
of st. petersburg...
but all i ever wanted, it seems,
is to head toward the faroe islands
and see the orca cull...
and the sea of blood from
the culling;
fuckers don't go after the docile
whales, they go after the sharks
of the genus...
i'm not writing this
as if implying it's interesting...
as i said once, already:
my life is / was so fucking boring,
that i decided to write about it;
but let's just say: not too over-bearing
with the paragraph format of
prose...
after all... i need to have
a drink ever so often,
to punch the punching bag of
metabolism, having only one meal
per day...
and rarely eating
anything sweet;
the dynamic of not avoiding fat
(even lard)
and replacing sugars
with alcohol calories;
sure, bloated cheeks... but not fat.
I existed in night chasing those hours until the dawn.
Embraced in the depths of insanity the plague breaths a harsh
taste left bitter in the wind .
Tortured by days we follow what asks nothing.
She moved a haunting scene in the chaos .
How often we desire what will destroy us so very easily.
Frost to the rose a death in the spite of life
Often we consume with no care to the aftermath .
Do the ignorant see more only to turn a blind eye than those who yearn?
And you can trace my steps but never walk the same path.
As I simply never desired to know another's it will only be a moment but the scars remain.
Its never a test for the game was bullshit to begin with .
They will never grasp the life beyond the sunset can we simply part
and pretend.
Understanding is sympathy I do not need.
This ride alone is beyond its view and something far more toxic
then I ever care to share .
The dawn is almost here so I bid you farewell.
This is my existence a shipwreck somewhere invisiblefrom the shores view .
You cannot play with the page for it cares for none and asks all .
A opium for the thoughts it leaves just the same .
Perfectly vacant was the sunsets view .
The constant longing has deepened the mind.
Turning the wheels of time.
Constant motion.
Never stops,
Going on and on.
Now among all,
The lone one stands.
Her mind a constant twister,
Ravaging the land.
Destruction may follow,
For this Harani.
Now she awakens,
To the chosen tranquility.
Auroaria awaits,
For one to conquer the crimson army.
She stands with her friends,
Now she is ready.
Prepared to die for ones country,
We all know this vow.
It happens in every worlds,
Even now.
Ematiri,
You are ready.
Cross the sea,
Stay steady.
Beware the depths,
for a monster lurks below.
You are a pirate,
Now you know.
There once was a pirate named Janus
whose deeds were particularly heinous,
so when he was caught
the trial was short:
Two years with a mouse up his anus.
Oh, the agony,
no rest, even when I sit.
Two years, a long time!
When Janus was finally free
the mouse was nowhere to see
but Janus was clever,
instead of a lever
he lured it out with a Brie.
With never a thought for the shadow of corrosion
nor the fertile breeding ground
of eel slime and rabbit guts,
we took adventures companion:
the pocket-knife,
and sliced our thumbs.
A fragment of pain
much less than its apprehension;
to watch
the rubyed jewel of life
swell
then run to kiss the earth with salty gravity.
Pressing our thumbs together,
blood into blood,
we made a symbol of our bond.
This was a time
when blood was blood
and not more virulent
than rats in Renaissance Europe.
When Magic Johnson was a messiah.
When dentists and doctors probed with impunity.
Before plasma was a Trojan Horse for haemophiliacs.
Now
even the mosquitos drone assails our mortality
yet we are loath
to shipwreck its cargo of strange blood.
The body once a temple
now a fortress.
But what is to be our vigilance
when the enemy lies within?
I'm still trying to
be supportive over
the strangest things
as if I am indebted
to you for the way
i acted, still think
it's my duty to
unconditionally
love you and
defend your
place to be
yourself but
it's not. It's
not, It's not.
I have climbed 300 steps
and sat beside the butchers pets.
I have etched in marble stone
and rose in blankets made of bones.
I have danced with withered whores
and laughed with sinning pirate bores
I have taken flights of mind
marched in armies of mankind.
I have burned the church yard down
danced on every hot red mound
and dug out wells with pails of red
and to the children gave stoned bread.
I watched the sea swell with delight
Gave hope to those with endless night
I grieve by every paupers grave
like lovers tears for the newly saved.
I have sold off squares of skies
to melt them off in poisoned pies.
I have squander endless gold
from rich men's purse that I've cajoled
And I will drink my whiskey straight
and make a list of what I hate.
I will jump off areoplanes
crashing through cathedral panes
And I will topple endless trees
upset the nest of surly bees.
And if you don't contain my spill
keep your promise in good will
For I am simply lost at sea
waiting that you come for me.
For I am simply biding time
waiting for that love of mine.*
sahn 9/9/2014
Its Halloween in the October wind
Being scare in a ghosts begin
Eye of creators from various molds
Eerie stories that will be told
As the moon grows dark
Its costumes that will be making their mark
But dont look now as the sun has gone down
Hungry tots and kids who will beg
An Evil Pirate who only has one peg leg
Halloween is about sharing and caring
There will be much to explore
Happy Halloween I just couldnt ignore
A knock at the door
Who is behind it but no one is really sure?
The spirits have returned, but dont open the door
Your soul has been chosen, and an event will take place
The candy will be closing in and the neighborhood Dentist will have a chore to step in.
At the Sky Ride on St. Thomas
We sweltered in the heat
Waiting for the cable cars to come
Strangers seeking tourist treats
Up the way, a pirate staggered from the depths,
Dressed and drinking imaginary rum,
Wobbling a bit, the player indiscernible on first glance
From one Jack Sparrow.
I couldn't help but wonder to what depths,
Jack Sparrow's character has invaded Johnny Depp.
The devils in the bottle .
Well if that's so I've been searching forty years it feels and I haven't found that some of a bitch yet.
Probably herd bout my reputation.
Smoke pills coke and I don't mean cola .
I see the yuppies in the bar who admire crazy they buy me a.drink thinking we are friends.
The booze hits you all the same so.guess its better on anotherstab.
Real bars are dying being replaced by companies pretending to be bars instead of companies void of any soul.
If your favorite dive is some.yuppie infested family friendly overpriced resteraunt go fuck yourself and have a nice day.
Give mesmokey dark local dives with.names like the Brown Derby ,The Thirsty Camel,The Shipwreck Inn,The Purple Onion and Monks .
Those places have character they have bloodshed there dirty dangerous on a good night and perfect.
Corperate America sucks .
Wallmarts on every corner killing the landscape putting the little man in the poor house everything's perfect least.that's what they have you believe
Never swallow bullshit that the media feeds .
There's more truth told between old vets down at the legion between beer and smokes .
Its out there still.
Away from the polwish the yuppies so desire .
Where men still get there hands dirty get drunk sleep and repeat .
This is my world the rich stand upon the backs of the poor with there two faced logic ever so quick to preach.
I bleed the past and I love the small places and backroad gems that they would so quickly destroy and replace .
But what do i.know Im just a drunk .
Nothing worth a shit is safe .
Art,Drugs and sex .
All take passion not a timeshare or membership or mini van .
Computers are a drug that's blinded us to human contact breeding hate sitting on your ass talking shit behind a screen name.
Get into a real fight then tell me how great your Twitter war was.
The fools are many so don't add to there a mass of idiots and clubs are for lemmings .
Take a ride let the music and the wind embrace the void.
Breathe life into yourself before you approach that page .
If your real then take up a seat beside me.and I will buy you a drink.
Get off your ass and experience life before some.idiot in a suit destroys that flawed landscape that makes us unique flawed and beautiful in every sense.
See you at the bar .
He was casually walking one evening in a bustling place called New Orleans in the year of 1845. Nonchalantly strolling down Bourbon Street, a street lined with beautiful homes; graceful verandas; elegant parlors, and... Marie Laveau.
His name was Moine Baptiste. He was a black, French Creole. A man who lived for his music, Quadroon balls, the blues, jazz, andplaces where he and Charlie would play their rip-roarin' music in the place called "The Big Easy".
Charlie the sax, was Baptistes long, time friend, since he first started playing the 'sax' at the young age of eight.
Moine Baptiste, Plessy Ferguson and all the guys played their Cajun, jazz and blues music at clubs like, 'Antoines Bar','The Maison Bourbon Jazz Club' and 'The Funky Pirate', all which were popular clubs in the French Quarter on Bourbon Street in New Orleans.
In those days dusky stable hands would lead horses around the stables engaging in desultory conversation that went something like this:
"Hey where y'all goin' from here?" they'd query. "From here we're headin' for the "Big Apple", one would offer in reply."You'd better fatten up them skinners or all you'll get from the apple will be the core," was the quick rejoinder.
Resulting in the assigned name, Those Big AppleYears".
Close by on another beautiful, tree lined street was 'Esplanada Avenue'. It was the most elegant street of all in the French Quarter.
Esplanada Avenue claimed fame to a somewhat elusive, secret Bordello called LaBranche House where all the affluent or wealthier men would frequent.
Baptiste was very familiar with LaBranche House. That was where he met all his women and spent most of his money.
The French and Creole children casually roamed the town, sometimes walking down by the graveyard near Bayou Street. They had been told many a time to steer clear of Bourbon Street, a street with a sordid reputation of burlesque clubs, all night parties andMarie Laveau, the Voodoo Queen of New Orleans!
When Baptiste was taking his walks he'd always watch out the corner of his eye. Something he learned to do when strolling along the sidewalks in New Orleans and in particular Bourbon and Bayou Streets in Congo Square. You see hed had a few encounters with Marie Laveau.
Oh he had a great deal of respect for Marie Laveau... along with a healthy amount of fear.
This Creole woman, often used her Voodooto manipulate, acquire power and upon occasion bless those she liked with good luck and prosperity. Shewas also quite adept in conjuring up her many powers in matters of the heart.
Her hair was long and black. She was both feared and respected. Ms Laveau had olive colored, Creole skin. Her black, piercing eyes were sharp as a razors edge. Almost magnetic, if she stared at you for very long.
Baptiste had called upon the Voodoo Queen a few years back when he was down on his luck..... and down on his luck with women.
It was almost to the point, that hed all but given up on the possibity of being happy and contented.
Baptiste was a man with a robust charisma of Creole and French charm. Yet he had an air of reserve and dignity, with a bit of naughty that shone brightly in his chocolate, brown eyes. He was remarkably handsome with dark brown, wavy hair; a well chiseled bone structure in his cream colored face, full lips and a well toned body.
His main problem was, he liked too many women. Too many all at the same time. He spent too much of his money on his women which left him broke,lonely and dissatisfied.
One night while strolling down Bourbon Street he happened upon Marie Laveau. Hed just finished playing a gig, with his old, friend Charlie his beloved sax and a few of the guys. Baptiste was feeling a bit light headed and a tad drunk from the booze that flowed and poured so freely in that part of town called The Big Easy. It was a part of New Orleans steeped in history, lore and many mysterious legends.Baptiste was feeling slightly tipsy from all the Whiskey he'd drank.
When Baptiste saw Marie Laveau walking towards him down on Bayou Street, he boldly said:
"Well, Ms. Laveau,said he as she walked on by
She looked piercingly at Baptiste, stared straight at him right through to his eyes.
She was the famous Queen of mysterious curses
She carried potions and spells in her bags and purses
She was a famous legend in New Orleans where all the black trees grow
This Black, Creole Lady lived in the dark, murky swamps all alone
She carried black cats teeth and eerie Mojo bones
She had three legged dogs and one eyed snakes
A mean tempered hound she calledBig Bad Jake
He said, Ms. Laveau you Voodoo Witch
Please cast your spells and make me rich!
Marie started mumbling and shook her magic stones
Why it scared Ole Baptiste right down to his skinny ole' bones!
She cast aVoodoo Spell and spoke some eerie incantations
Promised him wealth, true love and a big plantation!
Theres many a story told of men shed charmed
But Ole Baptiste, he wasnt too alarmed
They strolled through the graveyard down on Bayou Street
Where all Marie's ghouls and ghosts and spirits meet
There lived a big, black crow where she held her ritual scenes
She spoke powerful Voodoo words and cast her magic in between
She held Baptistes hands tightly in her large, black hands
She promised him love and riches and lots of land
From that day forward Baptiste had more than his share of luck
He had the love of a beautiful woman and lots of bucks
But Baptiste always remembered that piercing look in Ms. Laveaus stare
An admonishing, cautionary warning they always shared
If you ever walk the streets in New Orleans....
Beware....
You just might meet up with Marie Laveau... "The Bayou Voodoo Queen"
<strong><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em></strong>&shy;<strong><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em><em>_</em>__</strong>
"Marie Laveau (September 10, 1794  June 16, 1881[1]) was a Louisiana Creole practitioner of Voodoo renowned in New Orleans. She was born free in New Orleans.
Marie Laveau a legend of Voodoo down on the Bayou. This well known story of this
Voodoo Queen who made her fortune selling her potions and interpreting dreams...
all down in a place called New Orleans!
Coming from the shadows a six armed samurai,
Followed closely by glowstick wielding neon ninji,
Grips of rum swigging pirates swing from the rafters,
Swallowed alive by blacklight monsters,
Gangs of ganja smoking gurus,
Armed to the teeth with translucent didgeridoos,
Monks parade in swirling vestments,
Whilst the shaman trip in lotus testament,
Gods transfixed by blood tear beauty,,
As humanitys heroes slay bejeweled dragons,
The king with two faces is beheaded,
By his charlatans, harlequins, fools and jesters,
Chaotic, prophetic killers run amok,
The order of lunatics chant as the time is struck,
A battle royale then follows,
As robots and aliens envelope,
Brilliant beams and whirring mechanics,
Clash with steel, rock, bone and sticks,
Screams from the heads of the thieves,
As their brains are devoured by zombies
Upon shipwreck-shores I lay my heart for all to see. And with it too in counterpart shall lay the essence of my humanity.
A soul once proud now withered in full view of indecency, torn and rung out by all that love has revealed itself to be.
This gilded facade measured so carefully as to keep intact only upon a surface of beauty less than skin-deep has made its mark.
And so I tip my hat to exception, hung up on the rack of broken dreams with expectation and reality for company bittersweet.
So I watched you leave today,
&amp; Im not really sure
when I'll see you again.
I guess I should just
pirate the latest Cage the Elephant album
&amp; forget about you
like I did with the others,
but I keep seeing you
on the Tell Me Im Pretty album cover
and in the smoke at the end of my metaphorical cigarette.
Loving you is an obstacle course.
Between depressions hurdles,
the brick wall of social expectations,
and the entire Westboro Church picketing,
screaming on the sidelines,
God forsakes you,
the last thing I need is more distance.
Everyone run!**
The Pirates are coming!
Run or be hanged like the Jolly Roger
Can you feel the waves?
Can you feel the tide?
Its about to all come crashing down
Youre about to drown
The stars can help guide you home
Well mark them two by two
Constructing a memorizing pattern
Like our synchronizing breaths
Bring down the sails
Well leave not a trail for the others
Moving forward
There will be no chance of fail
Colliding with the shore
Well be no more
A shipwreck of emotions
Spilling out of our open wounds
Im losing control of whats real to me
This pace is just to fast
Can we please slow down?
These jagged rocks are piercing through me
Black clouds lingering slightly above
Push comes to shove when youre motionless on the ground
Ive never felt so alive
But in this moment I sense peace at mind
Bring down the sails
Well leave not a trail for the others
Moving forward
Theyre will be no chance of fail
Colliding with the shore
Well be no more
A shipwreck of emotions
Spilling out of our open wounds
Were wrecked, were wrecked
Stay alive, stay alive
The flames of the furnace (well-travelled by wind
slowly glazing the rags of gray women chagrined
at the sight of a hair fleeing tresses now thinned)
sometimes billow like waves flooding naves through the night,
when the lightning peeks in where the tension hangs tight
while the lanterns, alarmed, appear fulgent with fright.
Having lost both his hands, and now dancing for dimes,
Captain Hook haunts the alleyway's rivers of rhymes,
sometimes singing or prancing to mimic the mimes
with white faces contorted to pillars of pain,
as the ringmaster murmurs we're all the insane
and the inmates dunk donuts in droplets of rain.
With their hammers in hand, in their plum pinafores,
Satan's soldiers of fortune wield powers of Thor's
leaving blood on bent bodies, the tombstones of wars
lining highways and bywayswith manna and gold
for the mastermind movers, survivors consoled
with some pie in Valhalla (or so they've been told).
Above boulevards, battered with batches of bricks,
flys the Duchess of Dawdle on waxed candlesticks;
while she watches, debauches, her Gigolo tricks
as he talks (on their walks in the summer-day parks
where a parrot kneels praying, a parakeet barks)
bout the buffed brazen beaks of the latter-day larks.
Hoary goblins glow gruesome, they leap from the loft
to the hard-hearted rues, shedding tears that they've quaffed
through the night of the dead as the clarinets coughed
and the keepers kept watch so that no one escaped
dingy dungeons where priests and their puppets hide caped
behind walls lined with tulips and justice hung draped.
In the Garden of Eaten, where apples once grew,
lie the bones, somewhat blanched, from the last barbecue
and the snakes strut like storks down a lost avenue
along trackslike the cracks on the mask of the moon
all alight with the shadows that seep down a dune
as the firefly crawls from a crimson cocoon.
Phantom trains travel tunnels (dispatched in all haste),
voiding tickets to nowhere, it seems such a waste
to see roadblocks with red lights at dead ends misplaced
at the base of the bowels of the bottomless pit
where reflections of life seem so damned counterfeit
from the back of the eyes of the blind hypocrite.
Lady cockroaches, camped in the Countesses' beds,
are commanding crusaders to fit arrowheads
to the ends of burnt bridges suspended by threads
from frayed thongs of diminutive bald balladeers
taunting Cerby, the three-headed dog, serving beers
to the pagan disciples of bold puppeteers.
The oceans lay barren, the garbage dumps filling
with fracking and cracking and lead water spilling,
for milling and drilling are thrilling but killing
the birds and the beasts and the tea leaves, soon falling,
yet gurus roast chestnuts but can't heed their calling
while mauling and crawling on knees while they're brawling.
Unshorn sheep in the meadow are led to the bay
to be brainwashed and fleeced, trusting donkeys that bray
of the virtues of demons that haunt yesterday,
while the vultures deflower the turtle dove lanes
where the blood trickles up and the cruel crimson stains
Easter eggshells and feathers  thats all that remains.
One eyed bees pilot lines through electrical storms
and blind hornets hum hymns when they're swirling in swarms
while the rest are repressed as the blue marble warms
(regent Queens losing sight that the end has begun)
and for eyes of the ewes, veils of wool have been spun
and the wasps fly their flags from the butt of a gun.
Seven trumpets (attempting to echo the horns
of the Siamese goats and the three Unicorns
giving birth to the mirth in the temple of thorns)
sound the bugles of sorrow inside of the sea
of crazed lies of the wormwood afloat like a pea
in a pod of dark dolphins that can't disagree.
Often bellowed by barkers, to crowds with no faces,
are words (in their aftermath, leaving no traces)
of picnics and parties in limbo-like places
on paths to perdition where pundits are preaching
and sirens belch bullets while pirates prowl, breaching
the shadow's barbed branches, with whistles blown, screeching.
They're dissecting dissenters that dare to annoy
and then trample with jackboots sent in to destroy,
until taming the toes of the last Gypsy boy
who gets caught in the craw of their cold catacomb
with no rescue by running nor staying at home,
and no freedom to breathe, only rough roads to roam.
David on the treasure trail
a pirate hoisting up the sail,
but here with pots and pans
cardboard boxes
old tin cans
I'm landlocked.
I'll keep taking all them pills
believing as I do
that's 'there's gold
in them thar hills'
like suds in water
like there ought to be
meanwhile
David's all at sea
Pirates
are fun
to bed,
but woe
to wed.
- mce
Ahh there she is again
Still keeping me from being free
I guess my woven word-web wedding cake
Was sweeter than a fantasy
A piece of me, that makes me whole
And drizzled in perplexity
Philosophy in rich indulgent
Influential empathy
Delighted in the penetrating
Crave upon my opal mood
And for the autumn I exude
In comic sands of arctic chill
Alluding to my solitude
My howling to return to you
Across the dimly starlit room
And pull your constellations close
And hold you for eternity
Until my sinking shipwreck ghost
Forgets the anniversary
Every man should have a boat.
A boat to sail the seas.
If you cannot afford this boat, okay. You have hands. Make one.
And if you do not have hands, then you must use your smile.
For many smiles have paid admittance upon the open blue.
And if you have no smile, then you must speak.
Speak from your heart. For it is this that sets the course of your ship.
But if you have no heart, then you must find one.
For how can a man guide the rudder if he cannot guide his soul?
But if you have no eyes to find your heart.
You must use your ears to listen.
And when you hear the sails, just be ready to jump aboard.
But if you have not sound. And you have no sight. And you have no smile. No heart. No hands.
You
might be the boat.
And I will be your captain.
Alas, we will sail the seas.
Wooden swing, sandal toes.
Willows.
Swaying.
Sweet
water
running.
A silly, sinking feeling.
Sun saved Boat's neck.
Sun saved Boat from Night,
from shipwreck.
Harbored.
Beached.
Bobbing,
beat of red dawn drum,
tune of tangerine rind tenor.
Wheez.
Sea breeze.
Breathe.
Sugar soap.
Sun drop.
Exfoliate.
Let's not trouble You with Me.
Let us squat on the lawn of disremembered things
and picnic the day away, cavorting in the sumptuous.
Deployed like balloons from another world-
More made of Grace than the grit
of our actual lives.
And be on
our way.
Weak in the knees, with solid steel prayers
I'll anchor my full disclosure to the Moon and a gnat.
I'll comb the halls of our misadventures
to find you blithering in the gorgeous
of your wonderful Self.
My love is like an unspoken jewel
that murmurs after your esteem.
You are the ring that binds the soil of my retrospection,
And the very thing that amplifies
the joy of my shipwreck
at Thee.
Don't grow so fast, little one
You've so much to see and do
But take your time....your time and enjoy
And love the little moments in-between.
Run and play and s-i-ing with joy
Don't join the queue ofLife too soon
But take your time....your time and enjoy
And love the little moments in-between.
CHORUS
Bedtime songs will end on a day
When you no longer feel the need
But hugs and tugs will always be there
These are the precious moments in-between.
So sail your ships and build your dreams
Paint your pirate face and ri-i-ide your horse
But take your time....your time and enjoy
And love the little moments in-between.
Refrain
Your steps will take where you wanna be
And then, you'll be grown
And all your pictures drawn on the walls are the best treasures
And all your words so very funny
Are safely tucked away......in my heart.
Star Toucher, 14 March 2013
he trudged through the sand
kicking at nothing
lazily picking up stones
tossing them into the sea
his legs were stout
his fingers small
whispy blonde hair tossled in the wind
a dog trotted slightly behind him
black and white, i think
he noticed everything
treasures were abundant
a rock became a kings jewel
sticks became dynamite that would be used for an escape
the dog was his Tonto
his beach towel a cape that helped him fly
the beach was where he washed up
after escaping from a pirates ship
grinning happily he spun
round and round
until falling to the ground
overcome by a fit of giggles
the dog barked enthusiastically
also spinning
"DINNER!"
<strong><em>POP</em></strong>
he blinked his eyes one time
two
slightly dazed he glanced around
a frown creased his small forehead
then he slowly, oh so slowly got up
he glanced at his kingdom one more time
noticing the pirate ship in the distance
a slow smile crossed his face
as he turned and started running up the hill
towards home.
It was at the bottom
Of the ocean where
I found you.
A magnificent shipwreck,
Mangled and broken
But inside held riches that
Poseidon could never
Hide.
First came the false presumptions of luxury
The gaudy glamour
Bright dresses and dark suits
Awkward glances and crappy food
Eventually though
The evening settled down
And then, after the smoking and drinking
Came 1 o'clock, the worn-out end of a hazy day
Suddenly,
It was a smother of time,
a stifling landscape of clocks
a decaying of darkness
The night gave way to trembling cold delirium
And slow and slow down
A slide from reality
Everything fell
I remember barely a glimmer- a hand, an arm, red sheets somewhere
Eyes that whispered "what's wrong with her? what's her deal?"
Or worse yet, faces that didn't care
To see me, my wrists
Appalling in all their shivering shaken chill dust
In moments like this,
I am nothing but a fearful machine
Broken in its deepest workings,
All function altered.
Clamors and tremors of panic
Withered illusions gathered at my feet like kittens
I tossed the blanket from the makeshift bed
Lay upon my back and waited
Watched, frightened, the night revealing
The hundred ignoble, vile images
Of which my thoughts seems consisted of
They flickered at bit- against the burgundy hammock
And empty Baccardi bottles
2 o'clock shook the memory
A crowd of twisted things,
Torn and stained and coiling about my wrists
I move by the sway of these thoughts that are curled around me
-The notion of some infinitely suffering thing
Oh I only need a lighthouse
To guide my soon-to-be shipwreck home
I only need a compass, a crucifix, a presence
But never
never to be found
the way
cradle me to sleep
like a child out to sea
cradle me to sleep
set sail let us dream
we'll sail on an old pirate ship
chasing treasure and gold
we''ll capture an old schooner
travel on oceans silk road
we'll follow an old sea captain
watch him chase an old white whale
look to see if there's an ouroboros
swallowing his very own tale
we'll watch colors sing and dance
across a star-filled ancient sky
see if the man in the moon
winks as we pass him on by
cradle me to sleep
child-like setting out to sea
cradle me to sleep
come and sail with me
we'll pause at a long lost island
to look at an old wishing well
gold roman coins looking back
as we bid them fond farewell
laugh as we stand at bow
dipping into ocean swells
hear them ringing in our ears
as we pass old mission bells
watch as St. Elmos fire plays
lighting up the blackest night
moving up and down our lines
marveling at such a sight
cradle me to sleep
let's set sail out to sea
cradle me to sleep
hold me as we dream
Ghost
Goblin
Bandit
Spy
Trick
or
Treat
Do
or
Die
Pirate
Princess
King
Queen
Masked Invaders
on the scene
Zombies
Prisoners
Aliens from Mars
Godzilla
Lady Gaga
and
Rock &amp; Roll Stars
Chefs
Doctors
Nurses
and
Ghouls
Mobsters
and Movie Stars
dripping with jewels
The Pope
a Priest
a Flying Nun
a Fireman
Policeman
and a
Ray of Sun
As witches fly by
on this frightening night
we know there is no end
to its devilish delights
Wish upon a star;
Go on, fly away far;
Home is ever so lonely now;
Both painful and true;
You left, quite out of the blue;
My child, please come home;
I'll play all your favourite games;
Even the one in the frightful brown mud!
Cold and alone;
This house full of memories;
I want to go with you;
Oh, please take me away;
Aren't the tales real?
Pirates and Pan and Lost Boys too?
Your eyes are a thousand hopeless waterfalls
I cannot bed-down with such a tear
We felt it in the shallows &amp; our lead words
Arguments are bullet holes letting the waters in
Does this bubble up &amp; fill our lungs
Like the great shipwrecks of old?
I confused the death of us
With the wreck on the ocean floor
The double-edged sword
The wedding bouquet
The crashing waves &amp; the diamond ring
All our advances feel for naught
Silent dinners are rivers
Kissless goodnights are an anchor
When you said were drowing
I thought that meant you had given up
Forgive me, I should have known you better
in whatever guise,
a gensis of
said pointer,
or said pointer with
an impetus,
h
o
le,
etymology...
the word itself
conjures up more fascination
than the mundane
big, bang...
you're talking in
a vacuum "where"
no sound can be heard?!
fuck, that's strtetching it.
which implies: exaggeration,
which is, frankly,
far more entertaining
than utilising the poetic
technique of metaphor, mind you.
when spelling i like to
think of enclosures,
shapes, sizes,
measuring
confiscations,
rubric allowances...
more zoology and
less...
can i be honest with
you?
do you know how relevant
darwin is, outside
the english-speaking
world?
go to moldovia...
where the english speaking people
are sometimes referred to as:
bellybutton people...
cos 0 = kardashians...
hello, sunshine...

and came the uler and
the umbilical chord operatic...
screaming motherfucker,
couldn't shut up
about the in-word
that rhymed with guinea...
slang, slur, slang, slur,
bummed the note in an orchestral
fiasco, being given authority
of a trombone...
in-word...
is that slang, shlang, or schlurrrrrrrr?
you tell me, i'm no
-stein,
herr schtein!
sizzle when they shy-from-a-zig-zag?
say it,
<em>bet</em> you 30 silver coins
it sounds funny.
slang, slur, slang, slur,
grandma gave me a blowjob
and i, finally appreciated
a dentist counting,
of what was actually missing,
i.e., teeth; or what plagued me in my
dreams... either nothing, or a dream
of teeth...
unless you want to know
what the application of a
general anaesthetic
does to a child's psyche?
sometimes it's no longer
a case of pink floyd:
comfortably numb...
mind the pain!
mind the pain!

or is that the part where hunger
is supposed to feel like
reverse cannibalism?
(the poetic revision
of the concept of a paragraph;
how to begin)

- i drink whiskey and don't
appreciate dousing myself in cologne...
shaving?
once upon a fairy tale
could have 'elped...
now?
frizzles...
curly motherfucking
giants worth of a wheat field...
gets you to turn
a nutcracker into a fucking
trumpet,
while turning a shaft of grass
into a bazooka's worth
of flute with the whole:
whizzing past
trying to maintain
a claustrophobic fart...
or spelling:
the "counter-intuitive"
form of counting...
hey hey!
-, a hyphen at the beginning...
fuck me, another <em>sputnik</em>!
gagareen!
oi, gagareen!
oh, wait... not funny...
ggrn...
yo... yuri!
yuri!
another one of those
baboon pirates...
homo sapiens
has been looking
too long at "homo" similis
in the anglophone world...
i go back to eastern europe,
read a book, relax...
oh fuck no, i'm coming
back to this gerbil case of
fish (i.e. gills) and <em>gibraltar</em>;
fuck, you call her Jill these days?!
Gib and R on an <em>altar</em>...
because when it snows
in Essex, England...
people go nuts!
fucker's gonna boogie down...
TENSE!
and whenever a drunk person
tells a "joke":
you dance, "pretending"
not to laugh.
all of this stems from my
envy of people, who can solve,
crossword puzzles.
no one ever said that
making everyone literate would
breed these technical "problems"...
but on a <em>technical</em> note...
they do exist,
i.e. on the missing diacritical mark
on the spelling
of yuri, i.e. ggarn...
lay-d, ga-ga...
ga-ga-reen...
even though that needs sharpening
of the e-o(h)-ta(h)...
otherwise known as ...
byzantines, greeks, turks
&amp; trojans alike!
hollow out the V in a U in a Y...
<em>gagaryn</em>;
and now back into a bum note
on a tuba;
because by now it's all <em>mahler</em>
and condensing into an
approximation
replica of <em>rim</em>,
based on the affix -ryn.
I did it, I ain't proud.
If you felt de pain in my urethra,
You'd know.
Had a flashback to me pirate days.
The ocean's waves crash upon de shore.
<em>swish, swish</em>
Me bask in da cool breeze.
Of de Zion Waterfall.
<em>swish, swish</em>
Me hands bleedin' from me wounds.
Turn on de tap and me can't take it no more.
<em>swish, swish</em>
Me urges take a hold of me.
Where to release? How? When?
<em>swish, swish</em>
I'm stuck in de corner, belly churning.
Bottle in de corner of me eye, me start turning.
<em>swish, swish</em>
I'm face-to-face wit salvation.
Fly down, piece out, release de flow!
<em>pssssssssssss</em>
Ahhhhhh, ohhhhhh.
What's an island boy to do?
*No toilet, Mo' problems
I have winnowed words from red earth
Birthed mad poetry in silence
Rumbled under sullen skies
Cast my cries to the birds of the air
The cadence ofmind
Blind expectations
Venerations
The ache of angels and soliloquied
Mantras of savants and idol fools
Ive plated my thoughts with bits of
Sugared glaze to coat the rendered
Offering dolloped in the sickened
Fawning
My voracious ego tasteless
Vinegar on the palette
The sweat of my brow spat out
In a shallow glass
The circumstance of banality
Nothing more than the dull ache
At the base of your spine
You dismiss me by degrees
Inconsistencies
Secrets grow fangs and
Spider themselves webbed
Close to the bone
Crunched underfoot
Weary words spin in the thin air
Senseless surrendered chattel
Trace my petty dreams in the dust
Of the space between
You and me and we
Will never grasp the significance
Of a blade of grass
Or the depthless black ocean
Where your terrors luminesce
On the cusp of a pirate moon
You breathe the algorithms
Temporal
And I have lost my taloned grip
On your poet soul
TL Boehm
04/2013
We fight to hold on and we fight to let go.
Do you know why things dont usually fall into the right places? It is because the moment weve realized we have to fix everything, weve already lost them. We always have the chance to regret at sunsets, all in the end.
Someone once said, Not all people who wander are lost, they just find their way to their happy place. What if youre also someones happy place? If you already found yours, how could they find theirs?
We all have the right to love and wishing to be loved back by someone we love. Heres to reality: theres no assurance that you can get back the love you just gave. In different kinds of relationships, theres always called one-sided love. We love people that could be our forever but it was just a could be. Life never tells us if that person will stay or leave. Hint? We should just live by the moment yet, one of those saddest moments could be reading a heartbreaking message and realize, youre too late; Theres nothing that could fix this. Worse is, she is already mended by someone else.
We all have that one person: omit maybe our first love or whatever you call that, but whats important is the person changed us in a way we never expected. A person we love in spite of all those flaws; the person were always proud of even if shes not the perfect one in her class; a person that gives assurance that were happy when we are with her; the person you think first in the morning and last before going to bed and yet, is also the person that gave us pain and the reason we cant move on. She used to be your forever that ended for months or your 11:11 wish that never came true. Forever as for my opinion only exists because youre in state of being in love or happy but believe me, youll say its nothing when you are heartbroken.
Love is the drug; pain is the withdrawal as what Ive heard. You should have fought for that one special person even if its the same person who told you to give up. Everything has the possibility to fade, even true love. We can prevent it by taking care of it, not by giving up. At first, lets fight for the thing that makes us happy but if the things that makes us happy isnt making us happy at all, we all have the choice to carry on or give up. We must know when to fight and when to let go.
Pain could change a person even if not by ones own choice, we just feel it especially in the way we treat others. There are different kinds of pain like the pain you felt when you tried to explain yet, she never believed in you; the pain you endured when she left; and the pain you endured seeing your treasure dug by another pirate.
Hatred because of pain is possible. We can always avoid that but there are circumstances- that all the good in you was sucked-out by the people who hurt you. Whats worse is if youre in the stage of severe depression, they shouldve help you cope with it but instead led you to a suicidal state. (It may be exaggerated but it is possible on how special those people are.) Never let hatred control you for it could hurt someone not only emotionally but also physically.
Feel the pain until it hurts no more. Even if youre willing to get hurt over and over again to fix things, youll still get tired of being hurt knowing that you, who have done everything, dont deserve this kind of pain, this kind of treatment. If you think youve done enough, let others be the judge. You actually didnt lose them, they lost you. If youll lose yourself in the process, there would always be someone or some people like your true friends that will always put you back in the right path, all you have to do is find a little time, give yourself a break and continue life.
If you happen to lose a friend, just remember that not every friendship could last a lifetime but the pain of losing that person can. All you have to do is to deal with it. She will always be a lesson that we will carry throughout our journey. (More pain to come!)
We all have different choices in our life, as you chose to run and she chose to hide away until she never came back. We always have that good bye we never really meant to say. A good bye that could have been Please go back, Im waiting, a Let me have another chance or a good bye that isnt good at all.
Burn through me like gold dust
salute my bruised heart,
through the window of my chest
Beating so slowly
you'd be surprised that it can move at all,
Muscles contracting so tense
Im a trooper, battery powered assault class fighter
Punching above my weight so carelessly
you make me come alive
arrogant ecstasyunravels in me ,
twirling pirouettes spit in spatsof profanity,
give me a little more,your not just some little whore
your a cowboy on a pirate ship whos plunging into war
head of the armada charge strait for my heart
your ambition is not lost in the fight
and though your overwhelmed with all the mightof my baggage
you spin next to me in fits of glee,
as i carry you to our carrige
fall in love with me my dear
no longer will you have to fear
your skin isnt so tight when you wear it loosely,
come hold me closer
So i can slip you out of your comfort zone
It was a flavorful month.
First with a delightful treat of Black Walnut,
followed by a week of chestnut.
The splendorous aroma
of cooking meat on a rotating spit
the <em>sizzle</em> as the juices dripped running down,
covering his fingers and wrists with grease and fat
to drip into the burning flame
of the fire he had sheltered near.
The night was cold
but the fire would warm him.
(<strong>I'm done.</strong> Spoke the meat to the bone. <strong>I can no longer stay here with you and listen to your ramblings and lost dreams. I'm leaving you,</strong> she whispered. The old bone gasped, stricken. <em>Please, do not go.</em>
He reached for her and grasped tendrils, holding on to nay release.
And so the bone held the meat, <em>but just barely</em>.
The spit was held still, a sliver of flesh carved off
nearly pulling it all.
A smile at his face, as he replaced his knife to a home of supple, tan leather
stained black with charcoal.
Still broad-faced, he shut his eyes and gorged.
After
hist beard stubble provided a maze for the drippings to puzzle,
tracing towards his chin to run and leap,
and splatter and soak into the hard packed dirt below.
It had not yet rained, for many span.
So the fire would burn.
And crackle,
and sear substance that was brought too near its boundaries.
How it liked to char.
Its scorching embrace,
meant to suffocate with smoking laughter
curling upwards toward the trees
spreading all throughout the land.
Imagining creatures hundreds of miles,
breathing in and knowing vulnerability when coughing tumbled topside
and shook their entire being until,
until they understood her power
and how she came to be.
As stated, it had not rained for quite some time,
seven years and thirteen days to be exact.
And so, seven years ago,
(for the rain that came held saturation up to the thirteenth day)
she sparked into existence.
Quite literally, remarking on the above statement,
a passing knight atop a stumbling steed was fumbling around,
<em>unwittingly, he had taken a trip down river which his horse had not been thrilled about.</em>
While being chased by a horde of grey goblin trolls,
<em>after he had blundered into their hunting party</em>
he decided to escape through a stream
<em>he had heard they were afraid of running water.</em>
But his information was wrong,
and the throng
chased him down,
till the stream turned to river which turned to faster until
waterfall.
And so they went and now were sodden and miserable.
He rode along until Cudge, his haughty horse, refused to budge.
So, he built a fire and the following morn he rode away without putting it out.
Along his route,
his flint stone happened to drop,
out of a saddle bag and onto a rock,
causing a spark to light upon a bed of dry leaves,
which led to the creation of our dear fiery friend.
She spent years collecting herself
after the Tinder War.
<em>Briefly explained:
Another fire that was left to burn
did not want to share
any of the forest around where the road did turn
all should be his no other fire would dare
challenge him.
This was her first test
as she felt meek and small
her flames could not jest
against his that were tall
but she prevailed and tricked him.</em>
Fueled with victory,
she became an inferno,
and raged with widespread havoc,
till one day she murdered a magpie,
<em>perched on the forest floor her heat overwhelming,
till his soul escaped to forever fly the skies never landing upon the earth again</em>.
Lusting with virtuous eyes
she eradicated and slaughtered
till she killed a village.
A lone survivor,
a child who could not see.
She cried tears of lost.
And brought flooding to the land that washed away the fire
till nothing,
but a spark was left.
The fire never forgot,
the pain,
the life she had snuffed out,
for what?
She changed her ways,
and lived out her days,
remembering her suffering faze as a young blaze.
But happy now
to provide company to this occasional traveler
and his trusty steed.
And so, encircling back (or forward we should considerately say),
to a month known as February which was particularly tasteful.
She, the fire, was enjoying her recent companions,
known as a knight and a horse called Cudge,
who had fed her planking from foreign floors
that tasted salty
from shipwrecks that had sailed to shore and he had carried for firewood.
Although she did not need wood to continue her life,
she relished the savory timber,
and in return provided a spirited heat to perfectly roast a pheasant.
Her name was Yori and she was fire.
The next night it rained.
Pieces of eight I got on the high
sea, a tail be told how I got thee.
First was the coin I got off me
mum, as she said have fun my
bearded son. Dont spent it all
on one eye patch or sweets, spend
it wisely my son be the pirate you
wish to be.
So time went on and I kept my coin
I bet it on a chicken race, and won my
second piece, look in my palm its
gold its plain to see.
So I tooka walk on the beach and
in the sand another I did see, my
luck was in. I chewed on it and it
was as realas could be, this day
I know does have three.
Four and five I won in a bet, but I
have a peg leg where there once
was a foot. Now Ihave a wooden
peg but Arrr i won the bet more
gold I see.
Six and seven were as hard as could
be, a dare with a shark, well feed was
he. A hook is all the rage they say.
Mine has a can opener and wi-fi
ya see, I hope that shark gets a grip
inside that hursts it tummy each and every day.
Number eight was what I got for
going to sea, to be the captain of
the pirate vessel king of the seaI.
I roam around the waters me and
my first mate, my monkey horrible pete.
Pirate king I wasnt meant to be, as
this rowboat king of the seal, is hard
to row with one hand and a peg from
the knee. My first mate is a monkey
who works for yellow skins, but he
cant row a boat, short arms has he.
So around and around I go three
foot from the peer, at least I,mnow
in the sea. But my pieces of eight is
all the treasure l will ever see. Me
and my boat and monkey horrible
Pete enjoying our life on the open high sea.
Near 90 degrees outside today.
I did go out there once, maybe twice.
I'm wearing a sweatshirt (with the hood up)
and some basketball shorts
('cause it is near 90 degrees out today).
Lingering stares and strange faces
burn holes in the side of it.
"Whats with the hoodie?" she said.
I grinned the utmost, forged,
forced pirate-smile, i had faked,
in the longest of long whiles.
I pivoted to hide my tears.
"Its nearly 90 degrees outside,"
she is saying.
...little does she know...
inside this hood-
its raining.
Because
I don't want
ever again to be
a businessman
stuck at a desk,
selling shit
to morons.
I'd rather be
Han Shan,
cold and hungry,
uncertain,
but joyous,
writing poems
to the void
on cave walls,
laughing at vanity,
chuckling
at attachment,
wandering the woods
like a happy ghost
riantly doing real work,
struggling
up one mountain,
down the next.
No path; no plan,
but never lost.
- mce
Is love at first sight something real?
Or is it a concept created by media?
Is it just an idea to keep us looking?
Keep us searching like pirates for gold?
Is love even real?
Or did everyone just settle for what they could get?
How will I ever know if I only see it in movies?
Did they spread it around like an idea also?
Did they use it to make people keep hope?
To make people realize that there's nothing worth this life
but emotional turmoil and endless working for a societal outcome?
Maybe there is love at first sight
maybe there is love
but how do you teach your children that when all they see is pain?
we would be poets plunder
going deep beneath all seeming surfaces
its here we dwell
the worst of pirates
unashamedly without compunction
we sing of fleeting moments
and the moments carry us
across the seas of heartbreak.
He was only three foot tall, but
He wanted to be like his
Famous daddy
<em>"The pirate"</em> longbob
<em>Plated</em>
<em>Silver</em>
<em>Toe</em>
A renowned <strong>pirate</strong> or so
He told me.
So he looked around the house
to what he could find,
A <strong>hook</strong> was out of reach
As it was <strong>dangerous</strong> you know,
it could take an eye out
or if trod on cut your toes,
He would have defiantly have shed a
<em>Tear</em>
<em>Or</em>
<em>Three,</em>
So he found a spoon, not
<strong>Gold</strong>
or
<strong>Silver</strong>
Not <em>plated precious,</em>
It was <em>copper</em> it would have to do.
So he put his hand up his sleeve,
Holding the <em>spoon</em> quite
<strong>Menacingly,</strong>
I'll scoop your <em>ice cream</em>
From right under your nose,
<strong>One scoop,</strong>
<strong>Two scoop,</strong>
<strong>Three,</strong>
<em>"Ill bounce the bowl upon your head"</em>
<em>"Then run so you never knows it was me"</em>
<em>"Who had eaten your desert from"</em>
<em>"Right under your nose you see"</em>
He <em>giggled</em> and <em>smiled</em> a child's <em>grin,</em>
What next does a <strong>pirate</strong> need to be
<em>"King of the sea"</em>
A <em>hat</em> he thought,
As he looked around his <strong>fathers hats</strong>
Covered his head,
He walked in to
<em>Table</em>
&amp;
<em>Chair,</em>
For it was to big over his eyes,
He was unable to see.
He bounced Off the <strong>door,</strong> the <strong>bed,</strong> the
<strong>Window sill too,</strong> with <em>holes cut</em> he still
Was unable to <em>see properly,</em>
So he got a <em>sock</em> with a <em>patch</em> on the heal
Putting it on his <em>little head</em>
looked in the <em>mirror amused</em>
By what could be seen.
I need one more thing
To be like me pa..
A ship to sail the high sea,
But he was only <em>tiny 3 foot tall</em> was he,
So he looked around
Finding a <em>table</em> in the yard,
Discarded but could be used by he.
<em>"A sail was needed"</em>
A <strong>table cloth</strong> tied to the back legs
To catch the gusts of wind yar see,
<strong>A crew was needed??</strong>
But there was only room for
<em>Him</em>
And his <em>parrot</em>
<em>Reginald,</em>
<em>"Cracker"</em>
<em>"Cracker"</em>
He would squawk at me,
A I dry one given and a <em>pat</em> on the
Head from me.
I was known as a <em>captain</em> on
<em>My</em>
<em>Green</em>
<em>Sea,</em>
Plundering the <strong>apple tree</strong>
The <strong>raspberry bush</strong>
All the <strong>berries</strong> were now mine
That I could see,
I wanted to be like my <em>father</em> when I grew up
But lets be realistic I'm <em>three foot</em>
<em>"I'm four and three months"</em>
Who would be scared of <em>little spoon pirate</em> me.
do i feel a moral superiority? of course i do,
why wouldn't i?
i'm sort of bored,
you know the type of bored: i amwhite
but i have no colonial history to boot
or shy awayfrom...
there are two Europes,
let me be frank about that...
i don't necessarily like what
Polish immigration did to the place,
primarily there's no commonwealth surgeon
to put the pieces together...
but the English started a war
over the invasion of Poland,
oh right, blame me,
and shut the fuck up about the niggers being treated
like cattle?
honestly, the only book
i'll ever read by Dickens will be the volume xviii
<em>american notes, pictures from Italy, contributions
to "the examiner"</em> - prior to entering the field
of transcendental methodology via Kant
i'll just say: there's no point reading
phonetic encoding of a narrative once the images are
produced - once a book is turned into a movie,
there's no point reading it...
i'm was never favourable of Dickens,
like i was never favourable of Popper...
but the obscure works demand attention...
i''ll be moving from France to England
(via Voltaire) and from England to America
via Dickens... once i finish Kant;
once i finish Kant.
and a rare day, i made a purchase,
<em>cage the elephant's</em> album <em>melophobia</em> arrived today,
two singles (after listening to the album twice,
it's safe, under 40 minutes and ten tracks),
track no. 4 - <em>it's just forever</em> and track no. 7 -
<em>black window</em> - this is why i feel morally superior,
i'm actually investing in art...
lucky me born in the 20th century,
i actually desire the need to buy art,
and not be some chimp pirate of the Napster Caribbean,
i really don't know where my contemporaries are
coming from, and to be honest? i, don't, want, to, know.
fuck them and their armchairs!
their idea of art is non-representative of
the general vocation of necessarily having a: view.
to me they're a bit like:
mr. spandex telling people it's stretch-Armstrong elastic -
but it fucking ain't!
the once defended Poles are
dubbed vermin, oh sure, it makes sense
to keep a lid on former colonials as sacred Hindu
cows - and do i sometimes wish i came to England
aged 2 and not aged 8 and never heard of
the Kashubian dialect? or the Silesian?
or the pan-Serbian of the Sorbian language?
i probably wish that to be true...
i cut my thumb and pinky fingers on the culinary
guillotine known as the mandolin when beheading
cabbage for a cold-Slough
(easier done than accurate spelling)
even better: coal-slow
(plus the carrot and the onion
and plenty of mayo) -
i wish i could fully become British,
say a golden fuck you to Poland, as Poland already
served it... which is why i'm in England....
but England isn't exactly a daffodil -
the past haunts it, which i'm not a part of,
when i say: i'm a citizen of the world i mean:
globalisation, and i mean: when i was in Africa
i was a tourist in Kenya, i enjoyed the presence
of those little cherub monkeys on the balcony,
and i hid from from the sun and couldn't stand the heat...
saints? we? better ask the Lithuanians and the Ukrainians...
but they're a bit busy these days...
that's why i don't feature in the global politics of
the trinity that's England, France and Spain...
i am not really into Polish catholic antics either...
i just don't understand why i need to have to acquire
all these bollocks identifiers in order to speak the bloody tongue:
maybe i am, after all, redefining what speaking English
actually means...
you can never really escape a revision of
the language...
as a citizen of the world, i am against
those famed idioms, later pronounced as: idiosyncratic -
i'm neither Polish nor am i fucking English -
i took to the assertion: conquering the use of a language
is more pristine in encouraged effort to assimilate
than writing a Domesday Book analysis...
but i simply cannot shy away from
addressing the insults while the holy cows of the former
empire walk freely and to a violin tune of necessary
revolutions taking place...
the argument goes along the line:
the Soviets had a bigger empire than the British...
landmass and what not aside...
i just can't be the two together...
all i have it two more purchases...
the debut album by <em>cage the elephant</em> with the song
that made me purchase is <em>soil to the sun</em> -
and the notes volume ii - vi by Heidegger -
do i feel morally superior? well, i'm actually investing
in art... in a world providing the ratio 100:1 =
100 streams = 1 equivalent purchase...
i find it damnable that so few people invest
in art these days...
and yes, i do feel morally superior, why the fuck no?!
but i will never rid myself of my foremost tongue
to look pretty in a society that's verging on the most
utterly ugly...
i'll never be at home either here (England)
or there (Poland) - i feel no affiliation
of a desired patriotic demand in either place -
both countries can burn for
all i care: Poland for its catholic demands,
England for its political correctness:
if i already didn't mention: the most despotic quote
came from democracy in the French Enlightenment period:
all men are born equal...
if ever a greater falsification
was ever uttered - in that realm of political science -
men are not born equal,
the Olympics proves this foremost -
trying to make this saying the norm
will only, eventually, make a large number of
good men into debilitated lunatics -
all of this without the mouth that spoke the utterance,
no Saddam Hussein will hang as being attributed with this
maxim... still the many good men will be turned into
debilitated lunatics to ensure the invisible dictator has his sway
in ensuring the conformist agenda is met with
due nod-whether-vote-or-veto approval...
democracy at its most human,
mob rule overpowers a singled out agenda...
third party Pilates washing their
hands clean off the implementation of the zeitgeist agendas
but nonetheless keeping the profits.
Why do we keep coming back to the same thing?
The wounds are indeed fresh, but there is no need to spread them.
We talked about it, we dealed with it.
So why do we have to keep dealing with the past again?
I love you.
I am yours and you are mine.
Nothing minor is gonna change that.
Every shipwreck we can get over, together.
I ain't leaving you for anything and you know that.
You said the same thing to me.
Yet, we keep coming back to this.
Did it really leave such a big scar?
Did you start questioning my trust and loyalty?
Do I need to prove myself to you?
We both know I shouldn't need to, but I'll do it for you anyway.
Why...
Why is it so hard for you to love me?
The shells lined up nicely.
"At attention," the conch yelled.
He was curled black, with boiled blue spikes.
<em>And so they stayed,</em> in a perfect line against the wall,
until the wave,
washing ashore, it plucked three.
One was an abalone,
almost full grown,
with five holes descending down its left side.
A sheen of gold and silver out,
murky indigo and forest green in.
He lost grip first,
and was pulled into an incoming breaker.
The second was a conch.
Chocolate and vanilla swirls coated the outer layers
leading in to slight pink.
Her name was Neapolitan.
She was once an adult shell of the queen conch,
washed ashore and set into a line by small hands,
that were gentle and soft.
<em>Zander</em>
A soft voice called.
Inhaled by the mouth of the ocean,
exhaled into a bout of seaweed.
She was lost.
The last,
was a cowry shell.
He was old,
or at least he imagined so.
This was not the first time he had washed ashore,
nor had he figured, would it be the last.
His back was ivory white
with brown speckles,
in such a pattern
that he imagined himself to be, at times, a turtle.
<em>He had first felt and then saw reflections of himself in sea glass. He was gathered in a bucket and rubbed so that his design reverberated until he felt, every shimmer of himself.</em>
Knowing not what lay ahead,
but understanding,
he held no grip and went where the ocean led.
<em>It's getting dark Zander.</em>
The others gasped,
in horror their screams rasped.
"Save us. Plea...se he...l...p."
As another wave crashed into the wall and stole four more,
again,
till all were cast away from the wall
to be laden across the expanse of sand.
Soft brown eyes stared,
at the empty holes,
where shells had been placed,
as decorations to a most deserving sand castle.
Turrets and towers,
hard packed by child hands,
with a red flag flapping to the sea breeze.
<em>A crude skull was drawn,
for it was a pirate fascination that encapsulated this year.</em>
He had spent hours seeking and finding,
the perfect art,
to be the binding,
to hold his wall against all defense,
but all had fallen in the first wave of battle.
"<em>Oh well,</em>" he muttered.
He would try again tomorrow.
You are the reason that I am alone.
If you would just come you would feel right at home.
Round all the edges tell yourself it's not over.
You are the fire my interest the clover.
You were the seeker when playing Red Rover.
I was the arms of your target we caught you.
You are the road I am everything I never bought you.
You are so famous most people don't know you.
I am a unicorn with rainbows to show you.
You are a unicorn let's be them together.
We are the climate we're warming and weather.
We are the pirates we hid so much treasure.
I say let's find it where was it that sweater?
Where was the igloo it melted where were you.
What about the ice cream stop fooling you slipper.
Slipper where was it I'm loving to eat you.
Well don't stop looks like we found that treasure
After all.
I was sitting in the chat, with big dumb Mike
he showed us his mask, it was a terrible site
Boston Chickie was quiet and subdued
, Shelby, Cindy, Katie, Rachel, kind of set the mood
Ciggy came into the chat with his well well well
And Steve replayed to Ciggy you look like you are from hell
Raven had beautiful eyes and lips of wonder
Wolf Bracker was downing the sauce like a pirate in plunder
Tucker zone he was there as well
and Romeo, Ken, Robert and Al we all came out of our shell
The waves are my kingdom
The sun is my throne
Yet my sand castles melt
In the sea all alone
As the shores that I tread
Come to life as I flow
Like the tide in the wake
Of today's undertow
As the mermaid horizons
Still glimmer and swim
Through my slipstreaming eels
Of electrified whim
Yet none of them sing
Of my shipwreck lament
Just lull me like sirens
Of impure intent
With bellies of plastic
And coral reef bleach
Just pia coladas
And daiquiri speech
As I'm fed to the sharks
And Laurentian Abysses
To drown in the shallows
Of ignorant blisses
To one of Poseidon's
Atlantean blood
I ride hurricane steeds
And I rise with the flood
For my bottled up message
Was hers all along
The ocean my muse
Is my blue and grey song
And onward it drifts
To a tune of the breeze
Inside is a tempest
Of her symphonies
I compose in the skies
With the calm of a storm
So come take a dip
'Cuz the water is warm
Blades of wet grass slide softly across the bottom of my feet as I stride across the rain slicken yard. There, barely ten feet in front of me sits an echo. A small boy with goofy looking black rimmed glasses, and thin brown curly hair, sits planted firmly on a makeshift rope swing twists around and around, winding the swing up, than spins in circles as the tension in the rope is released. Smiles, and laughter play out in the shiny day. Innocence wearing its sweet face. The unknowing a better fruit then the bitterness of truth.
I turn away to see a shaded landscape filled with vine trees. Their thin string things whipping back and forth in the wind. Another echo haunts my heart. The young boy, no longer bespectacled runs, jumps, and grasps a handful of vines. He swings in and out of a fantasy world. He is alone in a world crowded with imaginary friends. Pirates swashbuckle as he and the lost boys of Neverland fight and fly. Now the tree rots from the roots tilting at an uneasy angle, and is slowly dying.
A dog barks out into the evening sky as the last bit of the suns rays disappear.The new night is marked by the howls of several other canines. They feel like mournful howls. My mind slips back to younger days and I recall how I would rise at five in the morning to walk both of my dogs. Such sweet shaggy friends, very wary of strangers but oh so loving to me. They are both dead now.
I slip a photo out of my wallet and stare at the crumbled visage of my grandpa. Dark glasses cover his old eyes, but there is a playful smile edging its way across his face. This is, was the face of a happy man. Now, he too, is just another dead thing. I am just another dead thing.
One step becomes another as I make my way to what is left of the old two port garage. Its dulled colors seam to match my mood perfectly. Cracked windows and grey broken siding marking its age like the rings of an old dying oak tree. Small and large rocks painfully embed themselves into my toes and feet. This was easier when I was lighter or at least wearing shoes. I stare at the decimated building imagining the way it was before time ate it all up; standing sturdy with a dog house to the right of it and a car, tools, toys, and other potpourri parked safely inside.
Then, I remember the sawhorses. Those old things with white paint chipped or chipping away. I rode them like unsaddled horses until my butt and balls ached. Swinging light brown cardboard swords like I was a hero fighting monsters, never realizing the real monsters were human beings.
They took this from my family, those stupid bankers with their stupid mortgages. There is so much history here. Shades and shadows of the past to interact with. Sensations to stir passing passions. A tear coalesces, followed by a stream. I struggle to suppress it.
Squeezing my sore toes together, I pick up mud in between each digit. The cold sludge feels good on my dry skin. Suddenly, I realize that this is it. This will be the last time I ever come back here. A part of me wants to cry some more, but I refuse to yield to that part. These feelings are merely specters of a past long since departed.
The specter of the small boy stares at me from a distance, and I cant tell if he is looking at or through me. Can he sense my pain or see my disease? My stomach is swelling while Im stewing in a sea of sewer smelling tumors. I can almost feel the cancer eating me up from the inside. White cells massing like a mad army to march on my various organs. Each organ slowly consumed until enough fail and I fall. It makes me so fucking angry. While greedy business men plague the world with their wicked intent, extending their lives with wealth and perpetuating human suffering, I have to die.
I slap myself. The stinging warm pain prevents me from becoming too immersed in my own grief. I refuse to yield to this depression. I go back to the vine tree with a glint of mischievous intent in my eyes. Hands outstretched I charge forth fast and furious. My fingers grasp several thin slips of dried and dying vines. It is only a couple of feet off the ground but for the briefest of moments I fly back in to Neverland. Then the vines snap, I crash into a small ditch, busting my butt. A jolt of pain passes from my posterior to my neck, jarring my spine. When the pain passes I laugh, my face filled with a childlike smile. I guess Im not dead yet.
I want to dive into your depths;
your ocean of secrets.
Let me explore the map
for all of your hidden treasures,
and mark x's
for all of your greatest pleasures.
We could ride this vibe
until we're ready to set sail..
I'd pick you through any stormy day
because I believe
that the currents sway our way.
On a cold hallowed night on the outskirts of town.
When the mist settles thick on that hollowed ground.
Not much happens its really quite boring.
Its a wonder by now that youre not snoring.
But through the woods into the valley below.
Next to the willow where the lavenders grow.
Youll find a crypt of something so vile.
It looks of death and reeks of bile.
Its a skull and crossbones pirate hat.
I got drunk last night and I puked in that.
I threw it in the crypt cause why the fuck not.
Its not something I want its just something I got.
Now if you want to know about that house on the hill.
Does blood pour from the walls and onto the sill?
A child eating demon they say lives up there.
Its in the clause, buyer beware.
Her name is Charolette and she has eight legs.
She ate all her children. The Bobs and the Pegs.
But I think she was killed by a chick with a broom.
They say it happened in the dining room.
To this very night if the winds should stand still.
And you listen closely to the house on the hill.
You may hear the sounds of children dying.
Running and screaming, its terrifying.
Those thousands of spiders just been born.
To their mothers will and her hunger scorn.
I know. I failed. Im just not a good writer.
But I smoke a lot of pot so I do have a lighter.
Giants walking, china white in a living room, lions eating, different socks and a witch on a broom. Three suns, endless seas, honey rivers crossing chicken roads. All in stories from paradise. Man made and an insult to god. All powerful in all ways, praise be The Lord. Locked in chains, raped every day. Cries all the time, shes 40 years old. Pirates found a younger one and fucked her more. Jealous old lady, killed the young broad. Fire extinguishers, bunnies and carrots. The most ridiculous poem in the world. A boxer to knock the dumb ones who dont understand. Two brothers, one woman in love with both. If youre that guy, give her up.
My Grand-daughter, bless her,
Claims - and, she is only four -
Im a pirate-wizard-author-artist,
Sharing magical stories galore.
Of course, I do encourage her,
I so enjoy it, and I freely admit,
That pirate-wizard-author-artist,
Is indeed, such a rather good fit!
For her, I create magical wonders,
Wispy-cloud-dragons on the wing,
Turning a childish misconception,
Into a wonderful, curious, thing.
Playing games, happily dancing,
In the chance of musical chairs,
An embroidered fantasy world,
Of witches wolves and bears.
Whimsical youth is so fleeting,
Real life dawning, so very soon,
Cows give milk, as for the dish,
It never ran away with a spoon.
Toys and games become lost forever,
Passing-time is a despicable thief,
But the memories remaining, will be,
Grandfathers riches of make-belief.
Paul Chafer 2014
It's as if my body were the ocean.
Eyes of constellation,
I wonder
what it was like
the first time you
were so in love
It hurt.
Did you bend an break
at your bough?
a shipwreck more beautiful
because unmovable
and your blue skies clouded
Some beautiful substance, you are.
Sometimes it's a burden.
Others, it's poetry
It's raining in Atacama
Water is flooding to our necks
If your eyes could write the story
I swear I'll fill it with regret
I am the sum of my father and his sins
What more did you expect?
Deep down inside I'm a fairly decent guy
You just haven't me yet
I can take anything good
And turn it into such a mess
Don't want to drown inside myself
I'm always such a nervous wreck
A nervous shipwreck
She said "you're always making cyclones
Out of the raindrops in the sky"
I know why, I know why
I am the sum of my father and his sins
What more did you expect?
Deep down inside I'm a fairly decent guy
You just haven't me yet
You just haven't met me
The birth of March brought spring flowers in bloom
but the vivid colors mocked their gloom.
The childs portrait darkened upon the wall
still the memory refused to fade.
I began to ponder the injustice to it all
as time progressed and I grew in age.
When I was young there was a song I sang for a God I once knew
but evil is real and children die
and I dont have the answer as to why.
The certainty of his power his promise no longer true.
While I struggled to condemn my new found doubt
the praise of his glory turned to ashes in my mouth.
With tousled hair pushed back in decorative lace
The family dressed her up for her final trip.
They circle around her giving their last grace
remembering a girl who once believed in pixie dust and flying pirate ships.
As I watched this unfold I asked myself, if its possible to be victims to circumstance
then why put us on this earth and give us a chance?
When they lowered her tiny casket into the ground
the last image of her was of a lifeless color gone from her cheeks.
The Mother and Father cried out to the heavens for an answer to be found but in their grief
he did not speak.
I spend a lot of time worrying about what other people dream, what they want from life, and making it happen. I always try to play roles, like the good student, or the sweet daughter, or the funny niece, or the counseling friend, or the reliable sister. But what do I want? What do I dream?
For a long while it was three simple things. Kids, animals, writing, and I never questioned or developed any of it. I mean, I had a relative idea of dates or amounts of kids, and relative writing ideas, and relative animal ideas, but nothing solid.
But today, though it may be f little interest to anyone else, I'm going to flesh out my dreams. I owe it to myself.
I want to publish a novel. Particularly a social commentary. Particularly something important to me, like mental health, the environment, relationships, family, etc. And particularly something that people may like one day. I'd love to have a novel that people know. It would be really special.
I want to have kids. At least one, preferably two, livable three, pray to god no more. And you know what, I'll love any kids I have, but I really want a girl. I want a little ball of crazy who can be a pirate or a princess and follow me around and call me mommy and cuddle on my lap and let me read her stories and be my baby girl. Maybe I'm crazy superficial, but the cake topper for me would be the ability to name her Alice. My little hero of Wonderland. I mean, the white picket fence dream is to have one boy, one girl, but I guess we'll see. If I get no girls, I'll name something else Alice. If I get two girls, I better pick one super meaningful name for her, because only one is not fair.
I want to see Africa. The animals there have always been my favorites, and I feel they're just so wild and crazy and different. There are deserts, forests, savannas, lions, zebras, okapis, all of it! Its always just seemed so wonderful to me and I've always wanted to see it in person.
I want to take my kids to Disney World. I want them to feel the wonder I felt as a kid, and fall in love with the magic I loved as a kid and even now. Maybe like I fell in love with Wonderland and various other worlds Disney created, maybe they can find their own worlds that resonate with them and make them feel safe.
I want to find or build a house for my family and decorate with love. I have art skills, I can decorate everywhere. Disney rooms, book rooms, video game rooms, all of it. I just want our hearts to be strewn across the walls and be a place of comfort for them.
I want to get married to a man I am madly in love with. Obviously, I think right now I'm with a man I could easily love the rest of my life. I wish with every fiber of my being that the home I dream of, the kids I want, the books all over, can all be things I have with him. But I won't make promises to myself that I don't know what will happen. God knows that in this second I want no one else, but I cannot force myself on the person I will be in the next twenty years. I can only dream all of this will be with him.
I want to create art. Not atypical art, with paint or pencil, but with crafts and words. They are beautiful pictures that I'm good at making, and I'd like to not only make them for family and loved ones, but maybe one day sell them and do more than just be that ever-writing author stuck in their study. Maybe I'm crazy, whatever, but I want it all.
I want to graduate college. Not only because I'm already in it, and I will enjoy the time I have, but I do want it over with as well. I know everyone's going to yell at me and say shut up they are the best days of your lives, but people said that about high school too. I enjoyed my time, but I look forward to today and tomorrow much more than I enjoy looking back. I want to graduate and have a lovely time at college, but I also don't want to spend forever here. I want to learn what I can, make friends for life, make connections, and then start the rest of my life. Start being a professional writer.
I want to start keeping an open dialogue with my audience, not just here, but on other social medias, so there is a connection even before I publish my first book or the ones to follow. I want to be an approachable author. I want to seem human, not like some unattainable, far away thing for young authors to look at. I want to be real.
I want to publish a poetry book. Obviously I'll wait another year or two, and compile the best ones, but i think it could be fun. See me write novels? Well see me write short things too. I know most authors/writers pick a niche, but after years of trying to find mine, I don't think I want one. I just want what I want.
I want to write a memoir. Though I use a pseudonym, one day I want to grow the confidence and strength to write as me, and tell people not just the stories that go on in my head, but the stories that are going on in my life. Hell, maybe I'll call it something cheesy like "The Girl Behind Grace" or something super cheesy like that haha
I want to start a bipolar group wherever I raise my kids. I mean, I'm sure with the way I am and how the person I'm with is, we'll have quite a few years of adventure. A lot of years. But I will put my foot down and say for the sake of kids we need to settle, at least for a good twenty years. I want to be a leader and help others like me where I live, i want to help people feel better. This life isn't easy, and we deserve help and a group and a community just as much as any book club.
I want to work on my baking/cooking chops. I want to be so awesome at baking and cooking that all the kids want to come to my house for dinner and I can make my kids their own badass birthday cakes. Maybe even make cakes for friends and neighbors for a bit of money. It will be awesome.
I want to visit my family at least once a year. I know that may not work out, but I don't want to lose them in all my crazy life that I plan. They may be out there and need help but I do love them, and I want my kids to have a good sense that they have a huge family that loves them so much.
I want pets. Crazy pets. Turtles and dogs and pigs. Those are the ones I really want. Dream world says one turtle, one pig, two dogs. It'll be absolutely crazy cool. What kid gets to go to school and say they have a pet pig? my kids.
I want a garden. I'll work on fleshing out that idea. I just want to be outside more. I love outside.
I want to fall in love with my life more and more every day. I want to have fun with my family. I want to play video games, a write like a madwoman, and be a good mom, and take care of myself, and make my home and life beautiful. I want everything to be worth it at the end of the day, even when not all things are ok.
I want a lot, I know, but a girl can dream, right?
(Chiara kissed Francesca's forehead. She said,)
''Who would have hurt a pure, innocent soul as yours? '' ''You're more
Sensible than me; you're not like those women, who are
Apparently introverted because of hiding some core,
Dirty secrets;  the power of a mother's love no one can mar.''
(Francesca said,)
''I love you; thank you for accepting to be my mother.
Do you think Fargo is trustworthy? '' '' He didn't intend
To save Bella; more than this, I've talked with your father.
He said that Fargo's attitude proved that he was the pirates' friend.
(Chiara continued,)
It wasn't good to take with him some women to go into
An unknown zone without having the possibility to
Protect them; '' '' you've searched for anything appearing in view
While walking along the shore; '' ''I did what I had to do.''
(Francesca said,)
''I enjoyed painting while Bella was playing the violin.
Those sounds inspired me; I would have liked to have a sister
Like her; how old was her child when he died? '' ''That's where mares begin.
In an epidemic measles, this child was ill and left her.
(Chiara continued,)
They fled the war and have spent time in England; Bella
Didn't want to be saved; she couldn't have another child.
She lost hope after using the Hindu powers of chela.''
''On the shore, you helped me fight depression when you smiled.''
(Chiara said,)
Remaining on the shore was the only salvation.
If the fire had been extinguished, our husbands would have
Found us; '' '' I can't forget those moments of desperation.
Yet you have not betrayed Fargo' s secret; '' '' I believe in Yahve.
(Chiara continued,)
This was why I wanted to protect those accompanying
Him; I give you as much love as I have! '' ''I like this contrast
Between who you are and who you're suggesting you are; being
In this contrast is my desire; '' '' hope is engraved in the fights I've passed.''
(Francesca said,)
I loved my father too much because I had no other
Parent; I was afraid of losing him and I sacrificed
A lot; I would have been different if I had had a brother.
He married you to release me and gave me this advice
(Francesca continued,)
To start a new life; I think he wanted me to be happy,
But I couldn't be; I've missed my mother so much that I wanted
To die for the purpose of being with her;  you feel so crappy,
But we're brought to death by this life which by Almighty is granted.''
(Chiara continued,)
Much sooner than we imagine, that final hour comes to us.
It can be excruciating, but we must accept this fate.
We're puppets in front of it acting as we know everything, thus
We know nothing; you were afraid of this sudden poorness, a gate
(Chiara continued,)
That could make you be catapulted to a lower social
Class, where you should marry a commoner; it was another
Motivation to accept this marriage that was crucial.''
''I was glad to know that my father loved you; there came the sequel.
(Francesca continued,)
I didn't want him to suffer; '' '' you pulled the boat while
Considering my age and the helplessness of Pedra.''
''I wanted to be sure that the boat is well hidden; smile!
Our life is like this slow balance of the moon called Libra.''
(Chiara embraced Francesca tightly while not understanding what was happening to herself.)
(Chiara said,)
''Let's sleep; it's late; before turning the lamp, check the documents
And lock the box of the values; tomorrow we go shopping
In Corfu Town before talking with the governor
To help us go home securely; '' he needs arguments.''
(Chiara also told Francesca how much to set aside for expenses explaining that she wanted the rest of the riches and the documents to be transported in some conditions of the maximum security. Chiara opened her medallion to show Francesca the portrait of Gregorio. A new thought sprouted in her mind.)
(to be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
I will slay the Beast
Eragon that damb fire breathing
Menace of a dragon
fly
swatted with my unsheathed sword
I will Purge its bowels
and sanctify my words in iridescent glass ink
I'll shoot Stupid Cupid out of the sky with a sharp pointed arrow ball point pen
Take out the Man in the Moon
Eat a slice of humble pie
my favorite...can taste it now actually
when I leftin such a huff
Cut my hands off to spite my face
How am I ever going to write poetry now
and...
Climb those Church walls that look like a castle...making a rope from crumpled paper
Maybe I can ask you to dance
I'm good at all kinds though a country waltz sure sounds dandy
yup...my cowboy boots and tight fittin jeans Conway
or hang out somewhere in the great big city
make it BIG like Tom
Or carry out a Mission Impossible
we could end up back together
Stranger things have happened
I might have an apoplexy and end up in The Nut House
Should I commit Harry Carey and end up in prison
You want to hear truth
I'll tell you some truth
I don't know if you can handle this truth or not
I'll tell you it in perfect comedic timing,
in my dictation, in my phrasing ,
puddling of lines
and cleverly sounding rhyming
ya I'm a poet sure I am
I can chew on a few magic mushrooms smoke some ganja
raise our social consciousness if it helps
Find a little more of my madness becausemy madness
maybe even my sadness
helps
to see the world a little more beautifully
look a little more than the guy looking at his feet as he walks down the street
I'll skip a rock across the ocean in rippling wonder with just flick of my pen
paint the mountains with such a crisp contrast they look like paper cutouts
and the clouds
alright... looks like Zeus is up there with his arms folded in anger
dark grey outlines his feet
thunder rolls from his belly
stomping around, crashing lighting
on tips the of billowing bright white golden fleeced
gauze drenched clouds
like the back of a newborn lamb
Oh..
Don't you want to touch it
I might jump Johnny's pirate ship across the sky in the blackened
night navigating through the Stars
laughing menacingly
at the starlit tears guiding us
and at the ghostly fleets chasing
I will be the one looking back at you
in the mirror and show you what youneed to see
do I have the power of discernment?
No...just a poet
I guess I'm a poet after all
so send me your Peter Pan and Tinker Bell dreams
I'll dance with the little teapot and dip the Little Spoon
in the river
with Aesop playing bagpipes to catch us some dinner
shoot straight at a carnival game
knock them all down
expert shot.
First try
next?
I knew you'd Miss Me When I'm Gone
It's part of the poetic curse
my poetic curse
I'm just a poet
though my words will always be here for you to read.
Cherie Nolan  2016
The Orca's down the road take seals
my neighbour dives for coal
the spillage from world war one shipwrecks
and burns it on his winter hearth.
Personally I think my neighbour mad.
12 in the dark, I sit awake by the window,
Across from Hyde Park, and the feel of the wind oh,
Sparking a bark, Nana's remarking from below,
Canine matriarch against the boy with no shadow,
Time's flickering by and I begin to rust,
Consumed, I'm high with lust just for pixie dust,
But to fly you must be robust and adjust,
And I can't, though I try, I just look with disgust,
Sitting on the sill, I think of him mournfully,
Hard as I try, I can't think of him scornfully,
Despite the fact that he talks so informally,
He says my name and I know I was born to be,
Part of the family, I think of them nightly,
Tootles, the twins, Curly, Nibs and Slightly,
Second star to the right, it shines so brightly,
Hope he might come back if I ask politely,
He doesn't apologize, he's immature and he's cold,
Lives in a land without rules so he can't be controlled,
But as soon as I saw him I knew I'd struck green-gold,
Peter Pan is a joke that just never gets old,
Don't smile at crocodiles down in Neverland,
And if you hear a ticking clock, hope the ships are manned,
Because there's a high demand for the taste of pirate band,
And if you're not hooked by now then Hook'll tell you first hand,
I flew here like a bird in a night-dress, frilly,
Scared, trying to fight stress, skin like Chantilly,
Found Peter and I confess that the boy's my Achilles,
Now I'm a lost girl treading on Tiger Lillies,
Acorns and thimbles are my idea of 'bases',
And sword fights with pirates are my vodka chasers,
Watching the boys as they fly and admiring Peter Pan,
But he's the boy who can't love here in Neverland,
I wanted devotion, to marry men who were charming,
So I repressed, left my emotion, I left Peter Pan snarling,
My own species no longer, just a common starling,
Caged by age at my window, I'm Wendy Darling.
There is something wonderfully intoxicating with youth.
The crash &amp; burn of foolishness.
A shipwreck of lost treasures and mirages.
The wiseness that will come over glassy, pink-rimmed eyes.
Honesty and maps found in the bottom of beer bottles and glasses.
Here's to the loves that felt like a desert blessing.
Like tiny lintel beans full of light your skin shines across the waves of your smile.
Like tiny glimmers of hope I'm captivated by my sensation my intuitive fixation on love.
Like a pirate lost to sea I fall in love with the ocean when I never had sea legs to begin with.
Glimmers are reflected.
Like your taste in music and taste in habits and taste in speech and distaste in me.
Glimmers given false hope to sailors tormented by the sea.
Goldie,the golden boy,
the real C-3pO.
Bury me with my golden chains, I was always an expensive slave.
Six feet under, in a brown golden casket.
Many days, nights, seasons and years will come and go.
But I'll still be
Six feet under, in a brown golden casket.
The flesh will rot away, but like an ol' dirty pirate,
my gold teeth will still be shinny,
my rose gold Rolex watch will still be ticking.
Goldie, the golden boy,
the real C-3pO.
I can see more until the light bends photographs out of shape
and the landscape changes.
Sometimes I grow up and become an adult
but mostly I play with my train set,
I don't get the whole adult thing anyway
bills to pay
arguments and
hell to pay,
girls who want to play house
(for real)
I'm co-opted in to the stereopticon
picture palisades to fence with pirates.
but the light bends through me onto
the high sea
and the cannons roar defiance.
Somewhere where I think I could be
you see me
somewhere else.
shadows shift
the evening lifts another veil
and I set sail
again.
tremors on her elbows
eyes with forks as poles
on lids, her cheeks like
cement blocks you gotta
lift to get her to smile.
fingers rattle on checks
checklists checkbooks
cashing fraud checks
pretending to be Czech
she wears treadmill shoes.
a man gives her an Apple
her life became i-s and eyes
with S-snakes with a pirate
hook's slash in betw$$n
she's in pain in a gold chain.
running after Cali and Manhi
she sleeps on broadway but
wakes up in LA performing
on a Starbucks counter
she keeps selling coffee.
palms rest on golf cart limo
palms sway on the street
trees growing her money
faker, actor becomes doctor
she writes a story about doors.
Adobe skinned mimicry of light,
Piece of pebbly lunar surface fallen
To misty sandbar, reverse panoply,
Spiny spar of stellar tapestry
Nimbly navigating mortared limbs
In sultry sea-cellar ballet,
Rocky roofed conspirator of clams,
Swarthy pirate, silent smithy of shells.
love is crooked lines. love is eyes that sting. love is short people tiptoeing. possibly the smell of a forest fire. love is the waves crashing against the shore. the sky changing hues. a watercolour palette with all the neon colours now blue. love is pairs of birds above us, fleeing from the cold. or maybe a curtained window blocking our view of the world. be my guest, interlock fingers. kiss rosy cheeks.light the bridges. pay to be on board a shipwreck. love is you in the hallway, asking me to leave. love is okay, i'll go soon. love is you're right, i'll go now.
Girls like me are taught to treat our bodies like metaphors, we are taught that we can only be desired if we are oceans and hillsides, if we are Septembers and sinkholes. They paint us, all sunset eyes and nicotine, hoping to color us in with their washed out words, so that maybe we can mean something. We are taught to fold into ourselves, to shrink our waists and our voices, that being small minded will compensate for the space that we take up. We are taught to apologize for the space that we take up. Girls like me have to be thankful to the stranger who comes and dares to want us, as if were only worth our weight in love poems, as if hes doing me a favor with his wandering hands. Girls like me fill our heads with shipwreck and sorrys, hoping that this time itll be different. That this time, for once, love might be blind. That this time, for once, we can be enough. Girls like me are afraid of being enough. Because maybe if I think of my body as anything more than a graveyard, your ghost hands will find somewhere new to rest.
Warlord, Captain, ruthless man
With a lust for blood and death
Many died as they looked in his eyes
And drew their final breath
The sea was his and his alone
Ferocious as a storm
He sent so many men below
Nowhere was safe from harm
O, the cursed crimson captain
He ruled the mighty seas
The cursed crimson captain
Brought kingdoms to their knees
The cursed crimson captain
He sailed on winds of dread
Many enemies fought, many enemies fled
For the rest would end up dead!
One night, shining swords were drawn
And clashed in the light of the moon
Deadly was the battle fought
Twas there he met his doom
For he fought with The Kings Commander
The battle proved most fierce
And blood spilled over the Pirates hand -
The Commanders breast was pierced
And as the dead man fell to the deck
The Pirate heard a crack
And he himself was forced to his knees
By the musketball in his back
O, the cursed crimson captain
He ruled the mighty seas
The cursed crimson captain
Brought kingdoms to their knees
The cursed crimson captain
Was slain, yet did not know
Which daft and dastardly bastard cast the stone to claim his throne!
Awoke he did to a room of black
A cell of darkness, windows barred
Enraged he became at the craven attack
That nearly pierced his wicked heart
Lust for vengeance filled his soul
As he stared out of the barred window
Only to see, horrified
His bloody, violent, crooked life
His ship was stained with the deepest red
As he sailed on through a sea of dead
And he could hear no other sound
Than the weeping wives of husbands drowned
And as he wept he began to bleed
From his back and from his chest
He grew weary, needed sleep
And turned to see a golden bed
O, the cursed crimson captain
Saw clear his legacy
The cursed crimson captain
Collapsed onto his knees
A bed of gold with silken sheets
It beckoned him without a word
The scenes of death began to fade
And the weeping was no longer heard
As he lay upon the bed
It began to change its shape
And grabbed his arms and legs and head
Until there could be no escape
O, the cursed crimson captain
He ruled the mighty seas
The cursed crimson captain
Brought kingdoms to their knees
The cursed crimson captain
Was a fool to sail indeed
For bloody fame in bloodier ways
And leave naught but a life of evil deeds
The room began to flood
Until it was washed away
To reveal a sea of blue
Reflecting golden rays
And his bed was now a casket
A casket made of gold
And was cast into the water
So deep and dark and cold
And as he closed his eyes
Under the crimson waters
All he could do was pray
That he would be Forgotten.
you love him
you love his smooth hands and his rough cheek
you love your hands in his denim shirt
and the cinematography of you together
everything else is an afterthought
the knife in his eyes that is not always pointed at you
but when it is
you kiss the fist that rattles plates
the lips that wrap around clenched teeth
melt him
fail to understand his poison tipped arrows
that are aimed at the mother who threw bottles
if he could only pick one more fight it'd be with his father
you kiss him when he knocks his brother's teeth out
he leaves in the morning for coffee and comes back a day later
welcome him with open arms and abundant questions
he will be a tower of irritation and concrete
he will point fingers that will curl into fists
but they are not fists for you
they are for the devils that dance within him
and behind his wild eyes
and in his childhood home
you will not be fooled
he loves you
you know by every sweetheart and the lips on your forehead and the way he smells in between the sheets each night
he leaves
he comes back
purple flowers that bloom around his eyes are the bouquets he brings home for you
the front porch sags when he puts his hands in his pockets
his face buried in your chest
on nights when the lamp swings a little too low
and his body is wracked with sobbing and shoulders shaking
he mourns the gentle temper he never had
he mourns what he would be like without you
he mourns what you would be like without him
this is how he loves you
your hands in his hair easing soothing shh shh
you are the mother who left
you are better than every last ex-girlfriend
for reasons he will be happy to name
this is how you love him
you came because you are drawn to the shipwrecks
but you stayed in the water for him
ancient child
furious soul
you salt his wounds
and then you clean them
this is how you love him
i'm like a pirate
and she is the <em>treasure</em>
i've been searching for.
Early Morning Thought's Haunt Agian,
How Are You Feeling,
1-10
A Little Bit Sick,
Shit,
There's No Medicine,
Nor Cure,
Fears Lethal,
Injecting Placebo Needles,
In Inncoent People,
All Authority &amp; Other Men,
I Thought We Were Equal,
Trust Is An Illusion,
Goverment Loves Evil,
They Real Bad With The Flag,
Grabbin That Egeal,
Enough Is What I've Had,
Were Not Trash,
Stop Back Stabbin The People,
Honestly We Don't Wanna Be,
Mondern Way Slaves
Souls Precious So Smegal,,
These Days Display Slaughtering Sequals,
Sippin From The Tip Of The Last Cup,
Where Did My Tea Go,
Won't Mask Up,
No Disquise ,
Meet My Eyes,
When It's Time To Fly,
Remember The Stare ,
Tremmbling Glare,
Intriging Guy,
Are You Feeling Okay,
No, I Thought So,
Let Me Know , Why,
Were Similar A Alike,
We Wanna Feel Okay,
Secure , Safe,
Make It Threw The Night,
I've Been In The Dark So Long
House Lights Aint Bright,
Dim From The Grim,
Face Shakes ,
Hey My Chin,
Skin Ripping Like My Shins In Condition ,
Cold Winds,
Myster Told,
I've Been Alone , Aching Bones,
Blistering Blizzard Snow,
Lets Take A Flight Tonight To Rome,
After My Show,
Just To Show Our Pretty Eyes,
What's Possible,
Plottin On Forgottin Fuel,
Ew Obsticales, Lot's Of Those,
The Way I Spit Real Shit,
Gets Me Lots of Hoes,
I Don't Attend To Their Hunger Needs,
They Don't Give Affection,
They Beg For Things,
I'm Making Cheese,
My Own Kind,
Spazzing All The Time,
Cracked My Spine,
If Acid In Your Back Is A Myth,
Then Why When It Pops,
I'm Lost High As Tits,
3rd Eye Pirate Fist,
Twitch Iron Fish,
My Life Is Twister In Winter Midst,
Tree's That Breathe Release Of Sin,
Chosen One 3rd Son,
13 Candles Lit,
Black Robes,
Back Rodes,
Phantom Sits,
That Rope,
666 Notes,
333 Oaths,
A Cat, Candle Black,
Blood Bath &amp; A Ghost,
Letter Inside A Sweater ,
Mr. Cap Crow,
Train Tracks Split,
Deep Shit,
Holding On To This
All I Hear Is Hiss,
I Wanna Get Lost In Zen ,
But Cant Sit For 10 Mins,
HyperAware,
Sniperlike Stare,
No Money , You Hungry , No Problem
I'll Share,
Don't Sleep In The Street,
Heres A Bed With Clean Sheets,
You Can Lay There
I'm Hurt So I Care,
Home Is Somethin I Don't Know,
Where,
Majority Of My Life,
Especially At Night,
I Am There,
Feeling Satan Sensations,
Shaking ,
Hard To Bear,
Empty All Alone,
I Am Scared
Becoming Stone,
All Knowing Tones ,
Ringing Like A Phone,
Intuion Avatar,
Answers In My Bones,
Today I Crawled Out Of My Bed,
Listening To All My Guilt,
That Built Stuilts InSide My Head,
Tought Walking Tall,
I'm Walking Small,
Don't Wanna Walk Again,
Need To Hurry Put This Gun Down,
And Throw These Blades Out,
Hey Now Hold On ,
Somebodys Walking In,
I Hung A Sign Please Knock,
Humans Forgot What They Meant,
I've Been Actiavting With Hatred I Hate It,
I Save And I Cave In,
Immortal Pact,
Time Cant Earase It,
Steady With The Pen,
I Bleed For A Hug My Mother,
uggh I Cant Take It,
I Swallow My Spit, Stand Up , Sit Try To Shake It,
Little Me, Literally Be Sizziling Like Some Backon,
Real Skills Have Taken,
Channelin Awaken,
Time Don't Exist,
Scars On My Wrist Inscist It's Mine For The Taking,
I Spread My Shreaded Wings,
And Reach For A Mystery,
Question For My Creator
List Of Things,
Are You Missing Me Like I Miss My Mom,
Grandma My Life Is Missing Things,
I Need You Both To Hold Me Close,
I Love You, Uggh I Know Yall Know,
Our History Is Pain &amp; Mold,
I'm At Fault
Wont Let It Go,
Forgive My Self,
That's A No,
You Stayed And Prayed ,
Amazed You Both Didn't Let Me Go,
My Mother And Grandma Are Real Angels,
Incredible,
Stings When I Feel The Rush,
Cant Go Back In Time To Redo Things,
I Fucked It Up,
Compromising
Darkness Rising,
I Got Real Tales,
That Can Make You Shiver,
Buckle Up, Grab Your Liver,
Hair Sliver,
What I Got Is By The River,
What I Feel And Felt,
Cannot BeA Erased,
I'm A Ghost Living In A Humans Race,
Passing Threw With A Very Netrual Face,
I Don't Wanna Be Alone,
Girl Stay,
Not So I Can Feel Your Love,
Just So You Can Feel The Space,
A Terrifying Void,
I Cant Avoid,
Been Dealing With My Demons,
Since Cleanin My Toys,
Young As Hell Just A Boy,
Everday I'm Ageging Decaying Making Noise,
In The Mirror Trancing Threw My Flesh Feautures,
How Come Death Becomes Our Best Teachers,
Yall Got Friends And Pot,
Hot Shots And Bleachers,
IGot Ghost Rabbies ,
Mold ,
Cold And Reapers ,
Distrught Fist Got Heaters,
I've Pist Off Preachers,
Aliance Giant ,
Invisible Creatures,
Thoughts Prjoecting Vibes,
That Change The Out Side,
Brain Changes With In Single Minute 100 Times,
I'm In It Till Finish,
Then I Diminish ,
My Physical Immage,
4th Dimenision,
Duality
Miracles, Fatailty
Pay Attention,
Darkest Night,
Lightest Day,
Balanced Out Talent Ouch, Legend Ways,
I Cant Be Saved,
I Recieved A Letter From Amaru,A Congradulate,
Your Still Going This Long ,
Have Yet To Suffocate,
It Takes Strong One To Reach This Date,
Espically When Your Hungry ,
And Ran Out Of Plates,
Or Food And Passion Fruit,
And Truth To Face,
Thoughts Rain All Day,
When The Sun Turns Black ,
Ill Be Back , To Have Your Back,
Mom, Grandma You Are Heaven,
It's 11 Tip My Hat,
You Gave Me Something Long Enough,
I'm Not Strong Enough To Give It Back, Rough,
Hard To Fathom Or Get That,
I Understand, I Stand Under Where Ever You Sit At,
Ima Demon With Demons,
No Sick Act,
Bloody Rose,
Thick Pact,
Living Like I'm Blind,
My Mind Likes Living In The Past,
Not Me Though,
Ya See Yo,
I'm Encyrpted Scripted With Evol,
Love From Me Is Urgently,
I Love To Strong For Way To Long,
Emergency ,
Oblibvous Pyro,
I'm Burning Things,
Savage With That Black Magik,
Turing Rings,
Listen To That Sermin Sing,
Not Again,
Heaven Will Not Let Him In,
I've Completely Burned My Wings
Pople Who Are Close To Me Are Pure Loving And Searching Dreams,
I'm The Monster Hurting Non Deservingly,
Purgtory Orders Me,
Accordingly,
Never Ending,
Hell Bending
Immortal Surgery,
I Turn To The Leak In Me,
That Gold Freuquency,
That Tried To Speak &amp; Teach Me Things,
I Went Off On My Own Path,
Made My Own Relgion My Own Craft,
Consuquences Exist I Admit ,
I Own That,
I've Tooken,
This Farther Than A Drone Can,
Spirtual Teachers Cant Believe Thier Eyes
I'm Living Proof
I am Who Is Due To Die,
I See With With Middle Perception,
Human Eyes Do Lie,
I Hold Ages Of Prophecy,
Which Obviously Takes A Life Time,
Really Listen, Peep My Tight rymes,
Cause The Right Line You Can Realte To,
Perhaps Could Save You,
Ive Made You A Life Line,
Profound profanity, he says, is the key to germination.
But why, I say, would one ever want to procreate?
For the experience, he says, which is about the journey and not the destination.
I can understand this,
it's like riding a bike
a stationary bike
that goes nowhere but see, you're going! Going and going.
I do see
and so does he
so what do we do?
Not a whole lot, just sit and talk of trains and temperature and how pirates walk.
He likes to do litmus tests of our saliva and hang them in the windows for all to see
that we are not acidic, buton acid, and sometimes a bit base in nature,
like the trees and the crysanthimums and corinthian columns in Greece.
We traveled to Greece, once, on our stationary bike
it was beautiful and real and there was much salt in the air-
they grow olives and fish in the trees
and their water is just teeming with rust.
We put our rust on buttered toast like cinnamon and munched at the oxidized metal,
crunching like captains and cheesin like goats
just a random bunch of fools with our silver and tenticals and suction cups of steel.
We are like robots, fighting crime and boredom with music and shrugs
because frankly my dear we don't give a ram or an aries or any other kind of anything.
We simply do not
because we will not, and refuse, above all else, to sleep without a star in the sky.
DESIRE
FOR THE SOUND OFYOUR LAUGH
FOR THE TWINKLE IN YOUR EYE
FOR THAT SMIRK ON YOUR FACE
ANDALL YOUR LOVING GRACE
DESIRE
FOR THAT BEAUTIFUL BREATH
FOR THE AIR THAT YOU EXHALE
FOR THE SMELL OF YOUR HAIR
AND THE WAY THAT YOU STARE
DESIRE
FOR THE WORDS THAT YOU SPEAK
FOR THE NOSE THAT YOU TWEAK
FOR THE WAY THAT YOU BOP
AND THE LAUGHTER THAT NEVER STOPS
DESIRE
FOR THE CURVES OF YOUR BODY
FOR THE FEEL OF YOUR SKIN
FOR THE WARMTH IN YOUR LOVE
AND THENIGHT BY THE COVE
DESIRE YOU BURN A HOLE IN MY SOUL
WHILE I PROMISE TO BE STRONG
DESIRE YOU COME ALONG
AND BREAK DOWN MY WALL
OH DESIRE!!
Lifeboat and shipwreck
Your both!
A nice ballad so nostalgic
Emotions lingers very deep
Even angels listens and weep
Of an untold tale so tragic
An olden song tells a story
Of promises and loyalty
A gangs promise to a real friend
Whose loyal still 50 years waiting
Until the gangs last breathe, they sing
This song hoping to reach their friend
In land sailors tell about this song
At sea pirates enjoy this song
Listen to it youll laugh and cry
It connects your past and present
You feel the lost but not resent
After a storm the sun will rise high
Through golden days and silver waves
Promises are keep and days are save
And remember to hum the lyrics
For a one fine day.
It is always difficult to describe depression,
There are so many interpretations
That people hold,
This is my own.
You're standing on the cliffs edge,
Looking out towards the horizon of life,
Then you see the storm clouds rolling in,
The thunderous roars of trepidation
And the lightning bolts of painful reminiscence
Mirroring the silver scars on your skin,
Then the mighty winds of worthlessness
Hauls you over the edge.
The cool air brushes against your face
As you descend towards the black water below,
Every inch of you is screaming for you to stop
But you can't,
You have lost complete control and you are weak,
Defenceless,
Vulnerable,
Amidst the whistling winds in your ears
You hear the names, the bullying,
The cries of disappointment,
The reminiscent sound of vomit against porcelain,
You hit the water and shatter the surface
And you pray that you have stopped,
Things will bet better ,
But instead you continue to sink,
Numb, cold, aching,
You want to cry but you feel so empty,
Like the bitter sting of the salty ocean
Has clinged to your skin and draws out
The last ounce of feeling you had left to hold on to,
You stare at the surface,
Wide eyes desperately searching for rescue,
The fractured refraction of a flare in the stormy sky,
A hand to plunge into the water and pull you out
And revive you.
I have been fortunate enough to be pulled from
The ocean,
Revived countless times
After feeling like I will spend eternity
Living in the shipwreck of my insecurities.
It is my duty to scour the world and throw a life ring
To every lost soul who deserves to be atop the
Cliffs edge where they can once again watch
Another hopeful sunrise of hope break on the
Mundane horizon.
I feel like a pregnant chick from planet X went to space
And for some reason it was safe
But the ship wasn't
She gave birth and the ship shakes
It hit an asteroid and the ship breaks
Like the grip of the baby and mother
And the baby was caught in the gravity of a different planet and landed in a boat
Caught by one of the pirate folks with the power of the mother's hope
But distracted by this marvel they hit an iceberg and the captain died
and some guy put me in a glass barrel
And I just stared at the sky
Upset and hungry with a dirty diaper
Until I swiped up on an island of this world
Then I got adopted by some humans
Man I have no idea what I'm doin'
My natural instincts tell me to do and make what there already isn't
But these guys are about the materialism
Last night, I couldnt sleep because
the dark and the blankets felt like guilt
and I couldnt live as myself anymore.
I woke up in the morning anyway
and took a boat into the fog and found myself
on the island, walking across a cliff top into cloud -
walking into the unseeable, feeling alive.
-
So here I am on the island,
the fog  the symbol for that murky future
is rolling in across the hills, across the cliff top
in one straight barrier.
I feel alive as I face the fog
and I stomp right through it.
One day, I tell myself,
Im going to make it.
One day, things will be
different.
I just cant see it yet.
I smile in the fog. I love the fog.
It clears and theres the monument
that Ive seen so many times before.
Theres the familiar at the end of the tunnel
it would seem
and I'm going to make it.
-
Lets not get ahead of ourselves here though.
Its always going to be easier to face the symbol
as the I in the poem than as the I in the real,
facing the actual.
-
Back in the now, the fog has gone
and everything is blue and green.
Im sitting on a bench below the monument,
remembering how a poet once walked here
and I really do feel alive today.
I stay on the bench in the blue and green,
quoting other peoples poetry to myself:
See, Im sad because Im sad. Its psychic, its chemical.
I should hug my sadness like an eyeless doll
or just go back to sleep.
And I know there are promises I really ought to keep,
and miles to go before I get that sleep,
but arent the woods so lovely dark and deep?
And they are, but when it comes right down to it,
and the fog fails and the light rolls in
and Im trapped in my overturned body
with fears that I may cease to be,
before Ive had chance to write or love,
I must go to the shore of the wide world and stand alone and think
and let there be no moaning there, when I look out to sea.
Let it just be sunset and evening star and one clear call for me.
-
Im still sat on the bench, enjoying the sun
and suddenly I think
one day ill bring my girlfriend here
shell probably know of more exciting places
but ill bring her to the island
and well sit by the monument
looking at this very same view
I find myself thinking in the future tense and its strange because
I dont have any hope for beyond the now.
Im still thinking Ill probably be dead
and yet out of nowhere,
heres the shift into a different tense
and the view of the end of the island
where it looks like it should plummet straight down
into the sea, but it doesnt.
Theres more island beyond the end.
I sit on the bench, shocked at myself,
but I keep trying to believe that one day it will be different
and one day I will come here again,
with my girlfriend, whoever she maybe,
if she may be, maybe, please?
-
I come down from the cliffs and go to the shore,
to walk alone and think.
The sea casts gold and silver on the sand,
the sunlight gives puddles lilac halos
and I think maybe, just maybe.
Maybe, just maybe,
because today I feel alive.
-
The beach is a beautiful blue winter.
Winter, being the time of death,
blue being the colour of the endless sky and sea,
the colour of sadness and the colour of calm.
Beautiful, there because it is beautiful
and to nuance it further
The sea has left traces of itself
on the beach and I concentrate on those.
I look at the smaller elements
and try to forget the wide ocean.
The cliffs are crumbling and eroding.
The beach is rocky and ragged.
They are symbols for my own erosion
and my own weakness against the sea.
-
The beach is also real
and I walk on the sand,
feeling separate from everything,
feeling the possibility of everything,
feeling that maybe, just maybe.
I feel like something could go right
in this beautiful blue winter.
-
But this is also a liminal moment and while
I feel at home in the liminalin the space inbetween,
you cannot build your home there.
The future needs a more solid base
and the liminal will eventually rip you apart.
-
I feel like a child here, but not quite.
I feel like an overgrown child
or a child in a too big body
or a child who knows too much about this world,
or an adult, who still feels inadequate.
I balance across stones, I jump puddles.
I dont care anymore.
Ill be the child or the adult.
Ill be the I.
-
There is hope here, hope in feeling alive,
in curling my hand and imagining someone
will one day hold it.
For now, I walk across the sand and
look at the cliffs, the gold,
the lilac, the blue, the shipwreck,
the deposits of the ocean
and I write them down
into the notes on my phone
so I can turn them into poetry later.
I want to capture these precise scenes,
these precise feelings of being so alive
for the first time in forever,
of seeing the end of the beach and thinking,
maybe, maybe, some part of this will turn out okay.
-
The problem is,
I want it, this future, this something else,
and I think maybe its possible,
but Im not sure I can get back on the boat
and carry this belief home safely.
Here on the island,
sipping at the brimming nostalgia,
breathing the blue winter,
living on the shore,
camping in the liminal,
it is all maybe, just maybe,
but maybe is a fragile word
and could easily get lost in the ocean.
-
Im so caught between
wanting to end it all and wanting to survive it
and maybe its just the liminal moments
that make me want to live.
I pick maybe up off the shore
and tuck it into the pocket.
I have no idea if it will survive the journey back
but maybe, just maybe, it will.
I:<em>* <strong></strong></em><strong>Those Cannons Could Sink a Ship<em></em></strong><em>
On shore leave it bores me, "Time for a sword fight," tonight we are concepts of filament ink.
Standing so meekly - concentrate weakly, feebly slender, "Miss if you blink".
I want you to kill me - impale me and flay me - inoculate spores with a grimace contrived,
Of the yarn in your liver - sheepskin with slivers of lithium fiber, "Frayed and so wide".
Nautical outrage - pacifist outlaid in ironclad elements, "Can't if I tried".
Spoonfeeding nooses aren't good excuses, "It usually stops in your airway to dry".

Dermatological cruelty with turnover beauty - it's no surprise that these masts horrify.
Seafaring kraken - crowned but still lacking, "The feeling you get when they drown in your eyes".
<strong>II:</strong> <strong></strong></em><strong>A Downtrodden Shuffle into the Abyss<em></em></strong><em>
Dining on sunken loot - treasuring fools who sucuumb to the great oceans conical pools.
Adrift in the shifting waves spelling out doom - uplifting a sifting grave housing your tomb.
Swiftly erasing the chance to survive - while you're coiled in the lance of this maritime dive.
Whirling and twisting- it's dragging you down, deep beneath blankets of, 'never been found'.
Awash as a hostage in fearsome blue tides, surrendering gently to inky divides.
Shackles corrode and it stifles my breathe as the icy depths gingierly swell through your chest.
Exasperate, "It's too late," sealing my fate, current condemning this lifeless estate.
Sent to the bottom, "So, why won't he float?" Wrote someone impressed by the carrier's note.
<strong>III:</strong> <strong></strong></em><strong>We're on the Same Page; Let's Make Some Ribs<em></em></strong><em>
"He failed to establish a place in her heart," spoke the erroneous limb of delirium's art.
"Why don't we all just get high in the park?" Spat the glue trap to Mary's dead ear in the dark.
Forest dew represents truer bloodstreams than a choir of rejects'with spearheading means.
"I finally tranquilize," furiously, they said "Spin me in mandalas," studiously.
The easel was spackled in pigments of fear - these figments of chaos have stores in the rear.
Bridal gown vintage and torn to all hell, like some metaphor escapade under her veil.
Canines occasionally weather the cage, "Aphasia of simple things harkens my age".
Drinking peroxide is healthy to some, "Those with a need to erase what's to come".
<strong>IV:</strong> <strong></strong></em><strong>A Cloud in the Shape of a Killer Shark<em></em></strong><em>
Awoken by vagrants who prance in the rain, through splattering windows, they dance in our pain.
Intelligent - beautiful - powerful wit - cylindrical bottles and hands full of grit.
No one has eyes in this gospel of rash- decisions imposed on her face in a flash.
Cresting strategically - smarter than you - fierce and so glorious, starting to move.
"Run," says anxiety - slick on the tile - the mouth of river will swallow your style.
"Let's keep on walking," No shoes on her feet - nimbus demanding she join the elite.
Honestly? Just take a glance at the walls - it's a gallery built from these golden age dolls.
"Come to the kennel," it's time for some fun - the end of her name is the ultimate pun.
<strong>V:</strong> <strong></strong></em><strong>But the Magnet Tore Them to Shreds<em></em></strong><em>
Thunderous melodies venture upon an exposure to marigold's flowering spawn.
Splintering choice to aspire beyond my composure to drink til the bottle is gone.
Tentacled pestilence spreading this vine into shoddily crafted infusions of wine.
So pardon my personal need to repent for this garden of misery under cement.
Praying to hide in the black of the night, blinding that brazen light straight from my sight.
Treating my wounds, "Can you tend to the
moon?" the sunlight reflected like wayward harpoons.
Lacing their body parts - strung up on wire - waiting to consummate straining desire.
Our blades clash - sparks open fire, igniting a casual waste of her destiny.
<strong>VI:</strong> <strong></strong></em><strong>This Portrait Reeks of Subtext<em></em></strong><em>
Ships sway - *sparrows elate</em>, enticing these pirates to de-pixelate.
"Lady, I love you," his lucid dream groaned, as a placard reconstitutes anything known.
"And sure, we all know that you like to get stoned," lamenting the impact they left on your bones.
"Smoke up," lily's imply that gazing at stars is a great way to die.
Dockside - <em>resident scum</em>, shoring these bodies for needles and rum.
<em>Cesspool</em> - staggered and thin, "Prettysure she's gotta penchant for skin".
Too late, "I just wanna sleep," but these spheres keep on plunging me into the deep.
"Wake up," It's finally day - <em>deformed in impossible cubes anyway</em>.
<strong>VII:</strong> <strong><em>But a Hatter Would</em></strong>
The library weighted with plastic and tape, curtains are left in the back everyday.
Even though framing the bridge is a waste, twiddling thumbs opens dragons to chase.
Plebian donors are asking too much, wine sends them into the valley, <em>we clutch</em>.
Hateful regression embroidery stows under checkered expressions incentivize lows.
Grandparents trust in the box that they stole, memories fade in a burning keyhole.
Fabulous lions massage fallen dread, kneading the corpses and mauling, <em>they fed</em>.
Hording discussions from drug dealers make them experience marvellous rugged mistakes.
A thousand years into the flowing of veins, awaiting the beauty of shots in the face.
<strong>VIII:</strong> <strong><em>untitled</em></strong>
"We waited for you in the lockup," I think, "How would you like this old absinthe to drink?"
"The moonshine is gone?" She was wondering first, "Pretty sure every ounce spilled on his shirt".
"They offer carcinogens and I forego," Rather we sail holding hands we can know.
Sternly we bow to the stars in our eyes - engulfed by this ocean of oaken disguise.
Mind-reading sorcerers gesture with heed, "Gluttonous lust - pride, wrath and greed".
<em>Maliciously envious</em>, <em>mired in sloth</em>, "Oh vitreous vices, please never stop".
Enjoyment is relative - buildings are stone - it couldn't matter less what you call home.
Leaving small piles of grey fur in a heap, "Larger than life," we hear fairytales speak.
<strong>IX:</strong> <strong><em>Giant Cubes Are Exciting</em></strong>
It's the place that you go - it's the place we all seek, it's the taunt of perfection's immoral police.
Paper gloves, matching hats, questioning, "Why?" This is the place that our dreams go to die.
Alluring conception - contextual arc. Hide from the thought process plaguing the dark.
Sinfully sailing - I'm flailing apart, it's a sign that this captain is failing my heart.
Alotting to stave off the corpse of our friend, of course that means finding her organs again.
Burying lovers a foot beneath snow, steadily causing her banquet to grow.
Readily grieving and reaving in twine while they tally the gallows that rally behind,
Silver bells, cockle shells, lynchs and boats - <strong>strangling, dangling</strong> - hung by their throat.
<strong>X:</strong> <strong><em>Rhapsody in Tweed</em></strong>
The patriarch coddles the canticle legion,behold as beryllium summons the season.
Stocking vermillion vegetable stalks - the corridor capsizes regional flocks.
Solemnly offering pews to the priest - the demon requires us at its behest.
Kneeling til bloody - confessing retreats from the spanning of archways, <em>it ran with her feet</em>.
Remedies monitor malady psalms - sleepless -<em>and symbiotic</em> it stalls.
Pulse at the maximum - layered in tweed - staining the mural of sovereign belief.
Insured by tyrannical marriage proposals - devoted this litany - sued in disposal.
"This vaccine has polio drips in its' tube," too many monochrome parents allude.
<strong>XI:</strong> <strong><em>Miss Cat's Eye</em></strong>
Delectable contours - submissive white thighs - fasting from floral limbs - longing for sustenance.
Cardigans, ivory sheets, splendorous face,
her greatest achievement a selfless embrace.
Pull them down - silken - now wet and unhinged - best for last - opened up - silently rapturous.
Unsuppressed - lubricants, blindfolds and masks - sensitized, polarized - hopeful they grasp.
She makes brave decisions - delightful incisions, swap like magicians - time for exhibitions.
"There are cats in the underground", keeping her up - there's a crowd on the top floor who wither and fuck.
Arms full and eyes full of bodacious lust - elongate, the right gates keep opening up.
Royalty, this loyalty sends love inbetween as a commune of angels all worship their queen.
<strong>XII:</strong> <strong><em>Drinking Antifreeze</em></strong>
I climb through the crows-nest acting excited, <strong>deep inside</strong>, fearing the mass of the planet's weight.
Trembling under the storm of the century - falling to seafloors causes me great relief.
Sinking, "I'm sinking," it's making it better now, "Oxygen?" No concern left in my lungs.
I finally afford you <em>the inhale</em> to bore through the chance of extinguishing any escape.
Inclusive in every way - billing with hydroplane imprinting vehicles,"Don't wanna piss her off".
On to the next sea - save me some solitude, trapped in an all-enclosed ocean of agony.
Many have witnessed the call of the kraken - expect to embrace with an amorphous scimitar.
Life in a fantasy, there is no future here. Why can't you see you're a symptom of silicone?
<strong>XIII:</strong> <strong><em>Lipstick Made of Starlight</em></strong>
Accosted by translucent spiderbites, she played with my hair while her heart capsule pulsated.
Pledged to a doddering stomach of butterflies - clawing for freedom with phosphorus wings.
Prison in cobblestone, shrieking in ecstasy - so many staircases covered in millipedes.
Dreaming of demons with pheromone accolades - flying with tridents they shower in hydrogen.
Jotting down drivel they scribble rhythmically, dressing in feathers, they swivel emphatically.
He interjects, "These are tunnels of wax, and the point of the test is to unionize merrily".
Acid-worn carousel - vinegar sonogram, "Integrate cellulite into her diaphragm".
How about doomsday - will that suit you well? "Does my fabled marauding excite you to kill yourself?"
<strong>XIV:</strong> <strong><em>An Otherwise Tainted Sense of Self Worth: redux</em></strong>
Sat in tight circles with loose consciousness, "I'm barely awake for this round of injecting hits".
Playing old Russian games, sucking the barrel dry, everyone's finally made it to 'borderline'.
Mockingly chanting in concentric cycles, she suddenly notices no one is there.
Passing the pistol between both her hands, "Clockwise is luckier," he recommends.
"First you said, 'Counter' was, now you say, 'Either or', " Can't even keep your own feet on the bathroom floor.
Standing so high, forehead catches the fan, "I warned you look up," he whispered again.
Sprinting and bounding through cornfield cadavers, "All of my friends are dead" - <em>Like it matters</em>
Slowly she works up the courage to die, and send all her brain matter into the stratosphere.
<strong>XV:</strong> <strong><em>Arthouse</em></strong>
Hollow victories are hollow point shells, superimposed on her back as she fell.
Wanted to tell him you're, 'Sorry', I'm sure, this implicate contention a sizable lure.
I need you to hate me - your footing can't give - as I stumble down alleyways brandishing shivs.
The cure is an alloy of copper and steel, or an army of buckshot for mutant alleles.
The powder is burning as gunshots ring out, through the back of my skull, eclipsing all doubt.
Her genes paint the walls with a portrait abstracted, then aerates the blood til the images blacken.
-
Mom could you please
warm these waters up
Yo ho ho
and a tub full of suds
Pirates in the making
on their personal high sea
Don't dare pull the plug
on this Caribbean dream
There's treasure they know
in the depths down below
They saw it when it sank
in mid bathtime flow
Send the divers in
to this porcelain surf
Holding their breath as long as they can
for all they are worth
They'll come away from this
if nothing else, clean
Where in tomorrow night's bath
they'll set sail once again
A couple muddy bathtub buddies
sailing on a sea of suds
In a life filled with adventure
because there's never enough
with the sunrise came the timeless light of childhood
that lingered and danced among us throughout the day.
we fought pirates and befriended elves.
he built me a castle on a cloud.
our love weaved each perfect wisp to another
to form a grand palace reflective of our laughter, tears.
inside its silver walls we speak of the future and what lies within it.
only with him do i feel the convinced hope, the only thing that truly steadies the nervous restlessness in my heart.
I can see reflections of my rib cage in every shipwreck
Scattered and disregarded on this beach
Bright bold white whales singing out to sea
It sounds like a funeral dirge
You ever walked through a shadow and felt it curl around you?
That sugar sweet caress that feels like razors blades?
Ive been dancing on masts and knife edges drinking rum and downing ships
Ive been called pirate and thief and captain
I can steer the ship of my sorrow through any rocky shore
Come out unscathed? Maybe
But all my flags are painted with the same snarl
Weve got wolves below deck
Hear em howling out at the moon every night
Hear the whales humming back
Youve never heard a melody lke grief
I hear that song everywhere
So my treasure chest gets tied around my feet if Im gonna be an anchor
You know Ill take all the beauty with me
Go down with the ship and let my shark tooth smile greet every fish at the feast
Lay me down on the sand bed I am where I feel most at home
With all these shadows and splintered wood
The skeletons of captains that married the sea like I did
Till death do us part, our chorus, our wolf song thats what Im humming
When the current takes my bones in different directions
I know Im a graveyard under the sea
I know Im a shipwreck at times like these
But it all makes sense when the whales sing
"Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder",
That's what you used to say
But what if
The beholder just threw that belief away?
Would I still be standing tall?
Do I have anything at all?
The look,
The style,
The beauty?
"Beauty is reflected in your own nature"
Was another phrase I heard.
But my nature is long gone.
The trees, the fruit and even the birds
I'm as barren as the desert
And colder than the Arctic.
I'm as dry as the hottest summer day
And shallower than a puddle.
Im as incomplete as a soduku puzzle
And sadder that I have ever been
I'm as ugly as I was in everyone's eyes
Yet I still wish that one day you would look at me as a prize,
YOUR prize.
And treasure me like pirates treasure gold.
Because you're the only one I want to grow old with
And the only one worth dying for.
We rode white lightning across state lines
To a little town in the mountains over the tainted river
Where the entire strip is full of bars
Buzzing barflys hoping from tavern to tavern
It was mid day in broad daylight
We found the place
A hole in the wall
You would only be able find it if you were actually looking
Solvent Reflections
It was called
We went down the stairs, passed the wooden Native American at the front entrance
A marvelous collection of glass implements
Colorful fabrics and alluring smells
A man came out from behind a beaded curtain
Eyes glazed and a zonked out look on his face
"Right this way"
He showed us the assortment of extracts
We chose the middle way
Purchased twenty scented sticks
Descended from the mountain
To a sketchy out post
We fought a pool shark
While waiting for the evening to come

Our friends had come out to play with us
To the market for brightly colored cans of caffeine and ethanol
Torches lit and music playing
We sat in a circle
We opened the little brown vile
Releasing the leaves of deeper knowledge
We put in the vessel of self-exploration
Put fire to it and inhaled
Immediately she ran to the highest point to admire the art the moon and stars had fashioned on the black and blue firmament
His head became a cardboard box
And his body began to look like wicker
I was somewhere between an animated reality
And a three dimensional fantasy
My friend went on a cruise upon a swaying pirate ship
And found his face under the word "fabulous" on every single page of his dictionary
Then saw himself in a magical grassland
But then we stopped and stood in awe
Of the mighty Cricket Lord
Within ten minutes it came to an end
Our voices hoarse from laughter
Lets go again
My green eyes stare into the crowd of my memories, pinpointing all the moments in which I realized I wasn't good enough. I look at others' pasts and want their, want their histories to be my own, so the pain can be expelled from my memories and only happiness remain, but I am not bandit of time, I cannot take what isn't mine. I can only accept what is left behind.
Her red hair, my red heart, the red wrath I feel in my soul at the clarity I feel knowing that all these moments, these flaring flames in my life-fire, have led me to believe the one thing no young woman should never believe; I will never be good enough.
Broken glass in a broken pane, I lay shattered by each fist pounded into my face. I spent years reflecting others, putting their image before mine, only to get smashed and bashed and banished to the planes of Asphodel, left to die in my own misery. Left to my own devices and own lax, to give up and to give out never to receive again, and let myself fall into the darkness.
Yet I fought, in the worst way I could. Smiles lie and words hide, as the demon below lay his puppet hands on my heart, and even when my soul screamed for freedom with tears most needed, I let my pride champion over my sanity. Bottle up the pirate ship, Grace, it'll look so pretty on your shelf, and look out of place in your heart. Remember, you're no thief.
I hoarded the good times and the love in my heart like Smaug, the great and terrible, solidifying my body as a Lonely Mountain with a maddening crystal at its core. Maybe its only fitting I am short in stature, for I have dragon madness upon my heart, set like a promise to myself that the bottle on the shelf? it will never open, and I will never let the stone walls of my smile fall. This mountain was my domain, and no one was going to destroy it.
Until they did. I was a glutton and I ate and ate the hearts of others until it came back upon me, like a righteous knight set on showing me the error of my monstrous ways. They cut me down, and broke through my glass and forced open that bottle until I could hide no more. The dragon with the stoic walls and pretty smile was revealed, and it drove people away.
Desperate for love, affection was sought in the worst way possible. Body sold for attention and affection, the defeated dragon, the broken glass, the faulted whatever I was was left open and unable to find solace. The window into the mountain was burst open and there was no going back. Fear, pity, worry emanated from those left in my life. But I was reckless, and I no longer cared for this vessel that held m demon soul. I simply wanted the pain to go away.
Then someone dared enter my keep, and hear my whispers, the weak ones, the only ones my heart dare still speak, and they whispered back, "You are always good enough'.
And that was when everything changed.
i put you in a box
and never laugh. i just sing
your wet tongue to the heavens
as I grope for the right
to kiss
a mystery
that has refused
my box.
i cling to stars that have
your name....
like a man that has no wolf
in his veins
save the desperation
of my sex
sinking into oblivion
as i mark
nothing...
as i pass
for Human
and
awake.
i come undone,
but stitch the tatters
to the realm of gone things
like a kite
on the moon
waiting for a breeze
to define the world
that has no sea
to justify
a shipwreck.
i go where
my lungs are not breathing
to atone for my breathing
and squander all my lovely things
upon the gaping maw
of my empty dreams.
I pour myself into another
like a happy fool
but emerge
from shadows
I keep from my longing heart
to have at
you.
and that will do.
I admit
that I pillaged
your Facebook page
for more
of your pictures.
Forgive me.
I couldn't
help myself.
Not doing so
would have been
like walking
on a beach
covered with
sparkling gems
and not bending
to pick them up.
Forgive me.
I am too much
of a pirate
to pass up
such treasure.
~mce
Fluttering eyelids give away
your quiet slumber in the summer sun.
I wonder what your dreams are made of,
silken memories?gossamer ghosts?
Plundering pirates?
I see the younger you as you sleep,
helpless like a newborn, still as a millpond, but
somber thoughts must have invaded, you've
wrinkled your brow, I lean over and caress your face
you ease back to Lethe, oblivious to my watching.
I want to see the images that are racing through your mind
I want to smother you, until I alone own you, you're mine
I want to rediscover all over again why I fell in love with you
I want to feel that first flush, rush of rapture
I want to know that you want that too.
The summer sun is fading into umber tones
The earth has been warmed, and the lustre of
The day is nearly at an end. Yet, still you slumber.
The sun has taken a somber tone, it's time to wake, go home.
The lover at slumber, needs to become my husband again.
For these bonded ties,
our lifelines of love.
Keeping us 'float
'bove the troubled waters.
Our bridge we crossed
together for each other.
In separating truly
the oceans are skies.
No long am I floating among the stars
but falling and drowning in this sloshing heir.
It seems my kingdom come
has fallen in the future.
A future different
than we live now
My course once steady
as I tagged along with you
now goes with the flow
unknown to me.
The pattern of these stars
foreign to me.
My eyes deceived,
blinded to sea.
Sealed my fate to be,
Unable to follow
where you may go.
Lest you deny me so.
No waves to tell me
where
your waters flow.
This stagnant water
reeking of the innocent blood.
Never leaving.
The wind beneath my bloodied sail, has left me 'neath it's silent veil.
No longer does it sing your lullaby to me. All that's left is the ghostly lull.
A bye.
Bruise this bane upon my body,
Bare me to the bones;
Breathe beyond my bounds,
And undo this drape of teardrops
That baptized me into temptation.
My besieged spirit revolts,
Beseeching to restore
The dignity of drowned divinity;
Once cowled, cosseted and chaperoned
To salvage my strayed soul from shipwreck.
the school yard picnic tables had a lost and found.
sewn together was a book of miscellaneous cities
where fools were growing together and
churches were picking themselves up.
they used anchors and rope to sew us together,
much like the systems they used for shipwrecks
and fallen warriors,
but we found glaciers to lead us back home.
we followed the shelves of mountains and
the roof of skies.
written in the wooden planks were tales of
men dying from broken hearts, but so what?
we let our hearts murmur and bleed bold acts of
brilliant gestures.
we were two fools growing together.
we forgot the cities in our pockets,
hoping that concealing could
accommodate how we really felt.
heart murmurs could skip some beats,
but we want each moment to end up
on our feet.
we just hoped that the glacier roads
will take us where we need to go.
the arrows were colored coffee grounds,
we were almost belligerent from the
flask full of body language,
and my wooden teeth were chattering
from the touch of falling atmosphere.
emergent empires, frozen to our road
had heavy hearts pumping through,
trying to reach to us.
it had my attention, and it spoke
through capillaries leading to our toes.
we left with train wrecked eyes
and faith leaning on our sleeves,
because we realized that you never have really
lived because you have never really died.
so let our hearts murmur bold intentions and
we will follow the glaciers home.
I'm drifting on an endless sea,
All I hear is the rolling waves,
As I drift so quietly,
My hope begins to break.
I'm drifting in this endless sea,
All I see is eternal blue-green,
As I find my heart is silent,
It begins to shatter.
I'm drifting with this endless sea,
All I know is hunger and thirst,
As my old radio crackles,
The last bit of power fades.
I'm drifting on an endless sea,
All I feel is the power of the tide,
As my raft is thrown about,
My body sinks down.
I'm sinking in an endless sea,
All I know is that I'm drowning,
As my breath leaves in a cloud of bubbles,
I begin to die.
I'm floating in this endless sea,
All I feel is fear,
As my hands close around water,
Death is very near.
I'm swimming through this endless sea,
All I see is saltwater,
As my arms desperately stroke,
My lungs taste the air.
I'm treading this endless sea,
All I see is the hull of a ship,
As my arms wave at the crew,
They notice me there.
I'm out of the infinite sea,
All I know is that I'm free,
As a blanket wraps around my shoulders,
I know that it's all right.
Dear Benny,
I know I left when you were just a small boy
As you watched my ship sail off the shore.
I know I left you and said that I loved you
And I kissed your head as you slept the night before,
But all I can recall is the sad look on your face
As I left without a trace!
I could've sworn I saw the frown in your cheeks
As I packed my bags to leave!
Son, I dream of the days when my apologies would mean something
And you could find the heart to forget someone who never had one!
Well son, your daddy was a pirate!
I left long ago so I could find some island
That we all believed to be out there!
But son I'm stuck in the middle of nowhere!
It's the thoughts of what you look like now,
How you've grown and how your little voice sounds,
That haunt my deepest thoughts and my deepest sorrows!
I just want to hold you in my arms tomorrow!
Oh these waves just rock my heart in circles
Like I used to lull you to sleep as the sun sets!
I wish I never left!
I wish I never left!
My heart's still stained with all my regret!
Just remember that when you grow old and start your life
To never live it the way I lived mine!
I heard you're quite the sailor, son,
And I hear you smile just like your mother.
I hear that mom found another man,
And now you have another brother.
Why won't these chests of gold and bottles of rum
Fill this gaping hole inside my black heart!
All I have left is the bitter taste!
All I have left is the bitter taste!
Alcohol makes it all seem great,
But, Benny, it's brought me to these final days!
Find yourself a wife and kiss your son goodnight!
Because sometimes I dream of the days when I'll die!
And to be honest it's starting to feel good.
I wonder if the sun and the moon
go through this kind of torture
when they are together but always
so very, very alone. Is rain nothing
more than tears of the moon
trying so desperately not to disturb
that misunderstood, tormented darkness?
Are shooting stars just pirates
sailing away for good, so as not
to jeopardize that love they have?
If something is this beautiful
everyone will tell you it's not right
to disturb it, like a delicate rose
even gorgeous when it's long past dead.
Waves always wonder who their mystery
stalker is, but they never live long
enough to see that it's no one to be
afraid of, that the midnight angel just
wants the very best for them, night after
night, which is exactly why she raises
the bar between sea and sky higher with
every tide to come. Don't you understand?
I wonder if this is how the sun
and moon feel, they know they will
always have each other's love and
friendship but they won't ever get
the chance to quench their need to
end that struggle of wanting to
kiss and not being able to - like you
always used to say after getting me
to break my shell just a little more.
It's nice to know that we
are not alone, even in our
loneliness.
Can you see it like I can,
a boasting child,
a boating child,
an accident
she drowned.
Down,
the bubbles escape,
race like red toy cars
as blood blossoms out ears,
and pressure builds,
and fingers reach upwards
&shy; <em>pop</em>
where small fingers are glassed with soapy water
and white and blue frosting.
scribbled over red lettering, "Happy Birthday Meredith."
And cards were presented with pasts and futures,
torn open like a shark attack
and ripping skin,
flapping back like dog ears, as he sticks his head out the window
and howls at the neighbors
for their loud music ways.
Silent crashing waves,
that boom death metal
and ride tidal curls
that bounce off her head.
As she writhes,
a red ribbon in her hair.
Hair of spun gold
like the sun
smothered by the moon.
Darkness eclipses.
And the last of the air is pushed
through her lungs
for light has drifted away,
torn like a suckling pig from its teat
and she is lost.
As her body floats away, pulled down.
Unclasped, she roams free.
groans, "Meeeee. Find mee...eeeee."
And eels slither from her jaw,
agape and brackish blue,
like pirate ship wine
sunken rum and treasure troves,
and streamline red.
Adding to a salty complexity
of tarnished speckled metal
like speckled eggs.
And brown eyes
bore out by hermit crabs
that broke their shells after a gluttonous feast.
Unbuttoning her dress
a flower paisley sort of thing,
a useless scrap of sodden material,
for nothing matters,
as she thinks nothing can hold on to her
now and before.
She is aware,
but not really there, because you would miss her
like you did when she stood in the hall,
your eyes passed over,
and so stayed her silent screams.
So she left our world,
or rather hovered and watched
as much as she could without eyes.
She watched you,
and felt nothing over your cries
because she feels nothing
Now.
Jump with me darling ,
To the world below ,
We can swim with childhood fantasy .
The magic will freeze us ,
Us : to never grow old.
The waves will crash over ,
Not leaving a shiver ,
No battles , no wars,
In our souls .
Peter was my hero, and Wendy my first fanciful lust.
We fought villainous pirates and bloodthirsty injuns,
and when danger came near as a dark scary night
we'd grasp just one happy thought and fly away
to a brighter new day, dreamed just for us.
Such a wondrous thing, the gift of flight.
Free, unrestrained... racing the laughing crows.
It seemed so simple I just had to try,
strange how the impossible, is so attainable
within the mind of a child of five.
I turn the old phonograph way up loud,
climb upon the hassock, (added height for takeoff)
I closed my eyes intense on my one happy thought
and singing the refrain to inspire me...
<em>"You can fly, You can fly, You can fly."</em>
I leap...
And for barely an instant in time I really do feel the sky.
Then gravity's reality crashes me hard to the floor.
Just in time to hear them laughing,
my evil older brothers watching at the door.
They had a great time with their haughty jest
I still hear of it today, but that's OK.
We were just kids and they lacked understanding.
For I was in training; practice for a not too distant date.
Honing my inner mind to create the improbable,
even the impossible, making it all seem real.
Today the refrain is no longer needed,
nor the hassock upon which to stand.
With old age comes a far grander experience.
Leaving all trials and tribulations upon the ground
I sit back, close my eyes, silence the world around.
Reaching out with sure confidence for the sky
with that child of five's, unrestrained inner eye.
Thanks to Peter and Wendy and my early lust
those heckling crows are left far behind
in vapor trails of my receding dust.
<em>"I can fly, I can fly
I really can fly!"</em>
S.Loeding
All Rights Reserved
In many travels across this melting pot of a country I have found that every small town has it's own cast of characters every group has the asshole who cant handle
booze.
The party girl who gets crying and wishes she could start all over again.
And the one to busy living this life to give a shit about what you think or how your
feeling.
After a coupleof weeks it gets to anyone the sense of not belonging.
the constant movementit eats away at you like rot gut whiskey.
Once even though in agony you so joyfully keep pouring down your throat.
And the conversations become the same are we but playing a game
saying whatever it takes to get what we want.
But what is it we truley want?
Comfort of a warm body by are side the feeling of flesh apon flesh.
It has to be more than just sex but out here I belive its to feel
what its like to benormal and for one moment pretend you wontbe
walking out that door to chase sun once agian.
Living like a pirate apon the land.
Not matter her body's warmth when you leave you never havea chance to
know the bad or the reallity of people.
thats why im forever a tourist.
II. TO DEMETER (495 lines)
(ll. 1-3) I begin to sing of rich-haired Demeter, awful goddess
-- of her and her trim-ankled daughter whom Aidoneus rapt away,
given to him by all-seeing Zeus the loud-thunderer.
(ll. 4-18) Apart from Demeter, lady of the golden sword and
glorious fruits, she was playing with the deep-bosomed daughters
of Oceanus and gathering flowers over a soft meadow, roses and
crocuses and beautiful violets, irises also and hyacinths and the
narcissus, which Earth made to grow at the will of Zeus and to
please the Host of Many, to be a snare for the bloom-like girl --
a marvellous, radiant flower.It was a thing of awe whether for
deathless gods or mortal men to see: from its root grew a hundred
blooms and is smelled most sweetly, so that all wide heaven above
and the whole earth and the sea's salt swell laughed for joy.
And the girl was amazed and reached out with both hands to take
the lovely toy; but the wide-pathed earth yawned there in the
plain of Nysa, and the lord, Host of Many, with his immortal
horses sprang out upon her -- the Son of Cronos, He who has many
names (5).
(ll. 19-32) He caught her up reluctant on his golden car and bare
her away lamenting.Then she cried out shrilly with her voice,
calling upon her father, the Son of Cronos, who is most high and
excellent.But no one, either of the deathless gods or of mortal
men, heard her voice, nor yet the olive-trees bearing rich fruit:
only tender-hearted Hecate, bright-coiffed, the daughter of
Persaeus, heard the girl from her cave, and the lord Helios,
Hyperion's bright son, as she cried to her father, the Son of
Cronos.But he was sitting aloof, apart from the gods, in his
temple where many pray, and receiving sweet offerings from mortal
men.So he, that Son of Cronos, of many names, who is Ruler of
Many and Host of Many, was bearing her away by leave of Zeus on
his immortal chariot -- his own brother's child and all
unwilling.
(ll. 33-39) And so long as she, the goddess, yet beheld earth and
starry heaven and the strong-flowing sea where fishes shoal, and
the rays of the sun, and still hoped to see her dear mother and
the tribes of the eternal gods, so long hope calmed her great
heart for all her trouble....
((LACUNA))
....and the heights of the mountains and the depths of the sea
rang with her immortal voice: and her queenly mother heard her.
(ll. 40-53) Bitter pain seized her heart, and she rent the
covering upon her divine hair with her dear hands: her dark cloak
she cast down from both her shoulders and sped, like a wild-bird,
over the firm land and yielding sea, seeking her child.But no
one would tell her the truth, neither god nor mortal men; and of
the birds of omen none came with true news for her.Then for
nine days queenly Deo wandered over the earth with flaming
torches in her hands, so grieved that she never tasted ambrosia
and the sweet draught of nectar, nor sprinkled her body with
water.But when the tenth enlightening dawn had come, Hecate,
with a torch in her hands, met her, and spoke to her and told her
news:
(ll. 54-58) 'Queenly Demeter, bringer of seasons and giver of
good gifts, what god of heaven or what mortal man has rapt away
Persephone and pierced with sorrow your dear heart?For I heard
her voice, yet saw not with my eyes who it was.But I tell you
truly and shortly all I know.'
(ll. 59-73) So, then, said Hecate.And the daughter of rich-
haired Rhea answered her not, but sped swiftly with her, holding
flaming torches in her hands.So they came to Helios, who is
watchman of both gods and men, and stood in front of his horses:
and the bright goddess enquired of him: 'Helios, do you at least
regard me, goddess as I am, if ever by word or deed of mine I
have cheered your heart and spirit.Through the fruitless air I
heard the thrilling cry of my daughter whom I bare, sweet scion
of my body and lovely in form, as of one seized violently; though
with my eyes I saw nothing.But you -- for with your beams you
look down from the bright upper air Over all the earth and sea --
tell me truly of my dear child, if you have seen her anywhere,
what god or mortal man has violently seized her against her will
and mine, and so made off.'
(ll. 74-87) So said she.And the Son of Hyperion answered her:
'Queen Demeter, daughter of rich-haired Rhea, I will tell you the
truth; for I greatly reverence and pity you in your grief for
your trim-ankled daughter.None other of the deathless gods is
to blame, but only cloud-gathering Zeus who gave her to Hades,
her father's brother, to be called his buxom wife.And Hades
seized her and took her loudly crying in his chariot down to his
realm of mist and gloom.Yet, goddess, cease your loud lament
and keep not vain anger unrelentingly: Aidoneus, the Ruler of
Many, is no unfitting husband among the deathless gods for your
child, being your own brother and born of the same stock: also,
for honour, he has that third share which he received when
division was made at the first, and is appointed lord of those
among whom he dwells.'
(ll. 88-89) So he spake, and called to his horses: and at his
chiding they quickly whirled the swift chariot along, like long-
winged birds.
(ll. 90-112) But grief yet more terrible and savage came into the
heart of Demeter, and thereafter she was so angered with the
dark-clouded Son of Cronos that she avoided the gathering of the
gods and high Olympus, and went to the towns and rich fields of
men, disfiguring her form a long while.And no one of men or
deep-bosomed women knew her when they saw her, until she came to
the house of wise Celeus who then was lord of fragrant Eleusis.
Vexed in her dear heart, she sat near the wayside by the Maiden
Well, from which the women of the place were used to draw water,
in a shady place over which grew an olive shrub.And she was
like an ancient woman who is cut off from childbearing and the
gifts of garland-loving Aphrodite, like the nurses of king's
children who deal justice, or like the house-keepers in their
echoing halls.There the daughters of Celeus, son of Eleusis,
saw her, as they were coming for easy-drawn water, to carry it in
pitchers of bronze to their dear father's house: four were they
and like goddesses in the flower of their girlhood, Callidice and
Cleisidice and lovely Demo and Callithoe who was the eldest of
them all.They knew her not, -- for the gods are not easily
discerned by mortals -- but standing near by her spoke winged
words:
(ll. 113-117) 'Old mother, whence and who are you of folk born
long ago?Why are you gone away from the city and do not draw
near the houses?For there in the shady halls are women of just
such age as you, and others younger; and they would welcome you
both by word and by deed.'
(ll. 118-144) Thus they said.And she, that queen among
goddesses answered them saying: 'Hail, dear children, whosoever
you are of woman-kind.I will tell you my story; for it is not
unseemly that I should tell you truly what you ask.Doso is my
name, for my stately mother gave it me.And now I am come from
Crete over the sea's wide back, -- not willingly; but pirates
brought be thence by force of strength against my liking.
Afterwards they put in with their swift craft to Thoricus, and
there the women landed on the shore in full throng and the men
likewise, and they began to make ready a meal by the stern-cables
of the ship.But my heart craved not pleasant food, and I fled
secretly across the dark country and escaped by masters, that
they should not take me unpurchased across the sea, there to win
a price for me.And so I wandered and am come here: and I know
not at all what land this is or what people are in it.But may
all those who dwell on Olympus give you husbands and birth of
children as parents desire, so you take pity on me, maidens, and
show me this clearly that I may learn, dear children, to the
house of what man and woman I may go, to work for them cheerfully
at such tasks as belong to a woman of my age.Well could I nurse
a new born child, holding him in my arms, or keep house, or
spread my masters' bed in a recess of the well-built chamber, or
teach the women their work.'
(ll. 145-146) So said the goddess.And straightway the unwed
maiden Callidice, goodliest in form of the daughters of Celeus,
answered her and said:
(ll. 147-168) 'Mother, what the gods send us, we mortals bear
perforce, although we suffer; for they are much stronger than we.
But now I will teach you clearly, telling you the names of men
who have great power and honour here and are chief among the
people, guarding our city's coif of towers by their wisdom and
true judgements: there is wise Triptolemus and Dioclus and
Polyxeinus and blameless Eumolpus and Dolichus and our own brave
father.All these have wives who manage in the house, and no one
of them, so soon as she has seen you, would dishonour you and
turn you from the house, but they will welcome you; for indeed
you are godlike.But if you will, stay here; and we will go to
our father's house and tell Metaneira, our deep-bosomed mother,
all this matter fully, that she may bid you rather come to our
home than search after the houses of others.She has an only
son, late-born, who is being nursed in our well-built house, a
child of many prayers and welcome: if you could bring him up
until he reached the full measure of youth, any one of womankind
who should see you would straightway envy you, such gifts would
our mother give for his upbringing.'
(ll. 169-183) So she spake: and the goddess bowed her head in
assent.And they filled their shining vessels with water and
carried them off rejoicing.Quickly they came to their father's
great house and straightway told their mother according as they
had heard and seen.Then she bade them go with all speed and
invite the stranger to come for a measureless hire.As hinds or
heifers in spring time, when sated with pasture, bound about a
meadow, so they, holding up the folds of their lovely garments,
darted down the hollow path, and their hair like a crocus flower
streamed about their shoulders.And they found the good goddess
near the wayside where they had left her before, and led her to
the house of their dear father.And she walked behind,
distressed in her dear heart, with her head veiled and wearing a
dark cloak which waved about the slender feet of the goddess.
(ll. 184-211) Soon they came to the house of heaven-nurtured
Celeus and went through the portico to where their queenly mother
sat by a pillar of the close-fitted roof, holding her son, a
tender scion, in her bosom.And the girls ran to her.But the
goddess walked to the threshold: and her head reached the roof
and she filled the doorway with a heavenly radiance.Then awe
and reverence and pale fear took hold of Metaneira, and she rose
up from her couch before Demeter, and bade her be seated.But
Demeter, bringer of seasons and giver of perfect gifts, would not
sit upon the bright couch, but stayed silent with lovely eyes
cast down until careful Iambe placed a jointed seat for her and
threw over it a silvery fleece.Then she sat down and held her
veil in her hands before her face.A long time she sat upon the
stool (6) without speaking because of her sorrow, and greeted no
one by word or by sign, but rested, never smiling, and tasting
neither food nor drink, because she pined with longing for her
deep-bosomed daughter, until careful Iambe -- who pleased her
moods in aftertime also -- moved the holy lady with many a quip
and jest to smile and laugh and cheer her heart.Then Metaneira
filled a cup with sweet wine and offered it to her; but she
refused it, for she said it was not lawful for her to drink red
wine, but bade them mix meal and water with soft mint and give
her to drink.And Metaneira mixed the draught and gave it to the
goddess as she bade.So the great queen Deo received it to
observe the sacrament.... (7)
((LACUNA))
(ll. 212-223) And of them all, well-girded Metaneira first began
to speak: 'Hail, lady!For I think you are not meanly but nobly
born; truly dignity and grace are conspicuous upon your eyes as
in the eyes of kings that deal justice.Yet we mortals bear
perforce what the gods send us, though we be grieved; for a yoke
is set upon our necks.But now, since you are come here, you
shall have what I can bestow: and nurse me this child whom the
gods gave me in my old age and beyond my hope, a son much prayed
for.If you should bring him up until he reach the full measure
of youth, any one of womankind that sees you will straightway
envy you, so great reward would I give for his upbringing.'
(ll. 224-230) Then rich-haired Demeter answered her: 'And to you,
also, lady, all hail, and may the gods give you good!Gladly
will I take the boy to my breast, as you bid me, and will nurse
him.Never, I ween, through any heedlessness of his nurse shall
witchcraft hurt him nor yet the Undercutter (8): for I know a
charm far stronger than the Woodcutter, and I know an excellent
safeguard against woeful witchcraft.'
(ll. 231-247) When she had so spoken, she took the child in her
fragrant bosom with her divine hands: and his mother was glad in
her heart.So the goddess nursed in the palace Demophoon, wise
Celeus' goodly son whom well-girded Metaneira bare.And the
child grew like some immortal being, not fed with food nor
nourished at the breast: for by day rich-crowned Demeter would
anoint him with ambrosia as if he were the offspring of a god and
breathe sweetly upon him as she held him in her bosom.But at
night she would hide him like a brand in the heard of the fire,
unknown to his dear parents.And it wrought great wonder in
these that he grew beyond his age; for he was like the gods face
to face.And she would have made him deathless and unageing, had
not well-girded Metaneira in her heedlessness kept watch by night
from her sweet-smelling chamber and spied.But she wailed and
smote her two hips, because she feared for her son and was
greatly distraught in her heart; so she lamented and uttered
winged words:
(ll. 248-249) 'Demophoon, my son, the strange woman buries you
deep in fire and works grief and bitter sorrow for me.'
(ll. 250-255) Thus she spoke, mourning.And the bright goddess,
lovely-crowned Demeter, heard her, and was wroth with her.So
with her divine hands she snatched from the fire the dear son
whom Metaneira had born unhoped-for in the palace, and cast him
from her to the ground; for she was terribly angry in her heart.
Forthwith she said to well-girded Metaneira:
(ll. 256-274) 'Witless are you mortals and dull to foresee your
lot, whether of good or evil, that comes upon you.For now in
your heedlessness you have wrought folly past healing; for -- be
witness the oath of the gods, the relentless water of Styx -- I
would have made your dear son deathless and unaging all his days
and would have bestowed on him everlasting honour, but now he can
in no way escape death and the fates.Yet shall unfailing honour
always rest upon him, because he lay upon my knees and slept in
my arms.But, as the years move round and when he is in his
prime, the sons of the Eleusinians shall ever wage war and dread
strife with one another continually.Lo!I am that Demeter who
has share of honour and is the greatest help and cause of joy to
the undying gods and mortal men.But now, let all the people
build be a great temple and an altar below it and beneath the
city and its sheer wall upon a rising hillock above Callichorus.
And I myself will teach my rites, that hereafter you may
reverently perform them and so win the favour of my
I cant remember
why I laughed six months ago
at a joke on the back
of an apple juice carton
(It said something about winter)
I cant remember
why you laughed six months ago
why it made my veins glow warm
why I let you thumb my cheek
why I let you sleep in my bed
why I did not sleep next to you
why I laid down on a mattress across
why I still let you call me yours
(You never said anything about love)
It's hard to admit at times,
how deep I've sunk.
When it all began
I thought I was manipulative
smart;
the way I could "pretend" not to care
so I could escape the shipwrecks Iinspired.
At the time I was so preoccupied with my fears
to notice just how much I'd disappear
It seems so inexplicable to care all too much
and suddenly
swiftly
so <em>terrifyingly</em> numb.
And sometimes it's everything
in every wake of blood coursing through my veins
the fear
the numbness
the pain
draining to vacuity, <em>to ruin</em>,
And in the waves bring immeasurable unease
disrupting an ocean of deafening speechlessness.
Some days are easier,
calmer,
some days are <em>fucking impossible</em>.
And always it seems much easier
to rest,
to sleep,
to collapse into the foamy rapids,
then to swim against the riptide;
And despite the efforts I've drawn in sand
the allure of the sea floor is present at all times.
But it always gets better,
though admittingly this bubble is hard to remember.
*In constant flow the sea is me,
chaotic, dark, free,
and so devistatingly beautiful,
a never ending cycle of
birth and death and continuity.
you insisted we were music and i laughed
and told you no
we were a record
and though we housed music inside us
a stranger to our world might look at us spinning
and forget what was there
before they even became aware of it.
that beauty was hidden in the dark thick grooved and hard
you can't just run your bathroom sink expecting to think of shining rivers
when you know whose blood has been washed down the drain
and just how much.
i think i was right
but for the wrong reasons.
i think there were nights when we spun and spun
scratched by some needle just out of our control
scraped in just the right places to make us sing or scream
but only just enough so we wouldn't bleed
i think we learned to worship the sting that came
from being a found thing in the world of the lost
after all, there are smart phones and ipods and streams
but i guess even shipwrecks have anchors.
maybe that's what you meant.
Opening day
Is extra special
For a Pirates fan
We are tied
For first place
Even in
Wins and losses
Looking forward
To the playoffs
Go Buccos!
After twenty
Years of loosing
A world record
Of loosing
We need this
One day
To feel good
Before we
Lose again
Maybe not
This might
Be our year
Opening day
Optimists
Meet me at the verge, the place where
Caledonian Road meets the river and the
Reckless thugs of Camden dare not travel,
Lest they find themselves back home, alone once more.
Meet me at midnight, before the
Gates break loose and spill the stragglers to the street,
And just after the last bus leaves the station,
And the tube stops, silent, dead.
Meet me for reasons unknown, for
Sake of impulse, of joy, of freedom,
To cast away what memory you might have
Of days less full and rich as this.
Meet me dressed in black and grey,
All the better for the night to swallow you whole,
Take you within, deep, as a lover to another,
Or a shipwreck lost within the sea.
Meet me with apathy and disdain,
With carefree abandon and slight
Mistrust, for you are more wary than I
And have seen darker evenings.
Meet me then and take my hand,
Through woollen gloves and shivering, and
Stare at me through condensed breath, as we
Share a smile and walk lightly away.
He r new Anne Fontaine puffypirate shirt,
skinny jeans &amp; Turquoise
stilettos
gets her in the back alley
Jackson Street club
called [informally] the Hepkat
where thecats wereSwinging
n so hot hot hot; they
reenact( ) the zoot-suits riots
on Saturday Night &amp; she gets
beaten up by the same tranny sailor
every Saturday; he said his name was Fred
&amp; hecarried her back to his place one night;
Fred had the biggest calico cat
she had ever seen
&amp; oddly, she ha seena few
&amp; fell or flew into his arms
but poor Fred was gay &amp; Asian HipsterBarbie
as bad as she wanted to warn himdidn't
&amp; as hot [she had a snooch - despite slumming
w/ around the Stonewallfranchise of the future:
drive-thru homosexuality - Barbie's mind
wanders when she thinkswhat two hard
dicks could do to each other -
w/ no clue but the gay porn she's been reading
since second grade [since she found
an old scummy underground glossyfloating
in the gutter &amp; sneaking it home
in her book bag &amp; set it out to let it dry out
like a sacred relic
of some mysteriousculture or civilization:
&amp; there it was, straight up [it was surprisingly easy
to get her hands on more - the same way - ]
someone must have been spooging on them &amp; chucking them
in the trash &amp; somehow
they inevitably wound up n the gutter -
&amp; out of Tom of Finland: [like the garbage
man refused to take it w/ the garbage
so he tossed it in the gutterwhen he threw
the contents of smelly,
trash basket into the chopper |
as she was[she found she could shove
her own fist up her ass || not that
she bragged about it | her friends
at boarding schoolwere all closet-lesbians
[Barbie wanted to be the bottom
in a Tom of Finland cartoon -]
[she wonderedif she'd ever get laid
or treated like the woman she [her own kind
of secret - [], ( )
so she could fist herself; it never became
necessary to cum that hard again- ever]
imagined herself to be - or man] looking;
his
eyes melted in his head
&amp; she froze hard -
The wind in my sails
YOU
The air that eye breath
YOU
The calm in my day
YOU
The sane to my sanity
YOU
MY OTHER HALF
YOU
Complaint me
YOUR
The better half of me
EYEM THE DIAMOND
YOUR THE ROUGH
smoothing me out yet making me tough
YOU
THE DEFINITION OF
KING
YOU
LIVES IN RESIDES IN
ME
KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
A seagull screeches overhead.
The wind plucks its white feathers,
one by one, scattering them
to the sea like a soft shipwreck,
until all that remains of the seagull
are its eyes:
black marbles thumbed
across a starless sky.
You're a little like a shipwreck and I think you lost your heart amidst all the piles of rust and dust and I tried to help you by looking for it but everything was so dark and I couldn't find a light, so I tried looking in your eyes but there was nothing there.
You lost your mind a few years ago and I don't think you've ever really been the same. Your eyes used to hold an eternity of light, but now they're darker than the darkest of nights.
You treat your body like a canvas and it looks like you're trying to draw a map, I always knew you were lost but I couldn't figure out where you were, maybe you're lost inside yourself, and I don't know where your map is planning to take you but I hope you get out okay and I hope it's nicer than where you are now.
You look like you're made out of paper and you are so fragile I can't remember the last time I touched you because everything I touch seems to break and I couldn't do that to you.
You have power lines surging through your veins but you're breaking them one by one, so I guess you're not happy with them anymore. You leave cracks all along them and let the energy leak out.
You're like a minefield and I honestly don't know how to work my way around you anymore. I've had years of practice but you suddenly switched and now everything is different and I can't navigate you in the dark.
You started to do things that I do a few months back. Now you stand by me while I light things on fire, because I guess it's better than lighting myself on fire.
You stand by me while I stand on the edges of cliffs, my arms open and my head back, staring at the sky and wondering if I could make myself fly. I don't really want to, I just want to jump. But if I stepped off the edge, I would want you to fly.
And I don't really know which is worse, the look on your face when you know I'm not really there, or the look on your face when you suddenly realised you weren't either.
I'm still looking for your heart, but I think it has been swept away, I'm sorry, but never mind, you took mine anyway.
To write and communicate a message is a privilege
I have been recently learning about the true meaning of music
and you know much like in books, it is a communication process
or a conversation, if you will.
The writer's pen is on a marathon to catch the chariots of fire
Ascending and transcending; documenting, I feel the passion of the ART
I breathe in the good and exhale vowels and consonants
Showered with uncommon common sense, I feel the love bleed
I am taken on these heavenly steeds and I observe galactic creeds
A Harmony of colonies surrounds me, and I know that Divinity lives
There are Pirates and all sorts of thieves, who wear cloaks and carry knives
But not the steel cutting kind but the soul-piercing blinds
In a place of truth and clarity, The Angels will souls find
and Heaven is a place next door
Above the skies we will soar
They will choke and abhor those who do not conform with God's Norm
But The Divine Creator loves us all, so they too will heal and come into their rightful form
With these goals crested in bars of gold, I remember poetry
Though the posts may seem blurry at first but I remember poetry
I may die some day if not today but I will carry the floetry
I may decay and my contempt or bad reputation may dissipate but I flow with Poetry
In the shadows of dust and darkness where forlorn hope may be the only globe, I shine with the Els and its forebears, the Titans of old
Never arrogant but always present and grateful, I remember poetry
Shackled and wrestled, beaten and butchered, I remember poetry
The meanings channeled on a carousel, I decipher and thank poetry
With the last word a sword to bore nonsensicalspores where imbalance tore, I REMEMBER THAT POETRY IS MY HOPE. And God Knows, if not I'll show and worthy of anything; that which is due will be bestowed. I REMEMBER POETRY.
I tried to make
shapes with the clouds
to see the pirate ships
and dragons
bunnies
and whales
that were there not too long ago
but today when I looked
at the floating masses
I became forlorn
with the realization
that all I could see
were clouds
Stories from a setting sun
Too short skirted girls
and arrowed hearts
I take a ride in the country
And I get the Shirley Temple
But no matter how hard you try
You can't stop the door from slamming.
Sometimes its better to hug a soft toy than the wrong toy.
And when your worthy of note
Looking for your best friend
And you look uncomfortable
In your brand new party dress
When the door opens just for a while
And voices reverberate aroundin alphabetical order
Sometimes It's better to hug a soft toy than the wrong toy.
Then there's the moment it all goes wrong
Tied to your life what the fuck..!!
Bound to your life what the fuck..!!
Its reflection is different from the one you see.
Dragon skies and pirate clouds !
No just the same ole old.
Vulnerable pose and mothers tears
Sometimes its better to hug a soft toy than the wrong toy.
September 19, 2015, IT'S ALMOST HERE!
International "Talk Like a Pirate Day!!"
Arggh!!
www.talklikeapirate.com
Mary had nine cannons to defend against the pirates.
The passengers lived in large cabins having low ceilings.
This carrack was steered by Sam, the best between pilots.
Three decks and the crew's quarters made it look as a building.
Their quarters and the captain's house were on the upper deck.
With a long boat and a shallop, this carrack was safe.
The galley was near the cabins; no one was put in check.
Its food didn't push people against the restraints to chafe.
This vessel had hatches to be used between the floors.
On the lower deck, near the cargo, 'twas the gun room.
They stored there guns, powder and shot using some locked doors.
Their scent was blurred by the meats and by the ladies' perfume.
The waves and the missing light made this deck cold and damp
For flour, biscuits, dried meats and vegetables, water and beer.
The seamen entered there only using a small lamp.
One by one, Sam and Sulim moved the rudder to steer.
The capstan used to heave up the anchor, was at the bow.
The binnacle stood directly in front of the wheel.
Through the compass, to have a night vision it could allow.
The magnetic deviation they could see and feel.
The sailors used the hourglass to measure their duty time
An astrolabe helped them see the position of stars.
Their chip board measured the speed during the stormy clime.
The Cross staff was skillful to see those ships of wars.
''Give me the quadrant to see that dawn star's altitude! ''
Freddy told Sam.''Why did you choose to buy a carrack? ''
''Provisions for long sails, but I can't say with certitude.
It's stable in heavy seas and helpful during attacks.''
'Did you hear about der Eyck? '' Continued Frederick.
''His instrument for longitudes and latitudes is new, ''
Said Arturo, a Spanish passenger, '' not a trick.''
''I'll buy the Plantius' version for me and my crew.''
(to be continued..)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Oh my Captain , my Captain
Where is the gleam in your eye ?
Where is that sting
Whenever your colors fly
Where is that thirst
For adventure you sail
Where is that booming voice
Through oak will drive nail
Oh , my Captain
Where could you be
Thy gaze crosses
More than the sea
Where is the man
Who knows not any fears
Who's cheated death
All these long years
Come Captain
Where is thy cheer
We sail into eternity
The rest is unclear
Oh my Captain , my Captain
Why such a sad soul
It's treasure and loot
So much we have stole
Oh Master , my master
We are and can no more be
Like the birds
We are free as long as we breathe
Come Captain , my Captain
Give us command
Give ,"Aweigh all anchors."
Seek ye new harbors with warm golden sand
Sandman comes 'n starts t' raise
Golden dunes o' fairy land
A world o' dreams ahead now lays
Come on lovely close yer eyes, 'n
By th' gods o' sea 'n sky
Start 'n sail on puffy clouds,
'n with them green 'n pretty eyes
Steer yerself t' cotton grounds,
Dream o' love 'n joy 'n sea
Made o' liquid silk 'n gold,
As a cap'n ye shall be
Sailing in th' Nevertold,
Hoist yer colours in th' blue
'n trust th' heart t' point the way,
Ye be sailing straight 'n true
T' th' port o' Dreamland Bay.
A crimson muddy ravine is marked on both sides by
massive cliffs towering over the precession below. A figure wrapped
in white muslin and rubbed with ashis propped up on a stone altar. Around the figure
tribesman and women dance hard, their eyes wild, their curled fingers wicked.
The figure is not touched by the dancers almost as if he is diseased. I realize
at this point that that is exactly what is going on. A plague has swept through this
tribe and killed many. They burn the bodies on these altars to appease the gods
and to beg mercy. The dripping fat and flesh pools in the mud below, making a small trickle of filth that led to near by water. Down river from this tribe is a whole different world. Here instead of being dark
skinned the people are very pale. All of their houses are remains from shipwrecks
put up into trees and connected by rope bridges, hammocks and twisting vines. Below the fields are
covered with water. Below the surface was their crops. Melons, lettuces, berries, peppers all kinds of
earth like flora but every species glowed softly with a pulsing beat. The pale tribe was very careful walking through the lines while harvesting. One rough handling could ruin the whole crop. A sense of fear was here all of the people smelled strongly of it. I could still hear the drum beat of the sick tribe. All work stopped and slowly everyone turned to look at me. Just then a loud crackling sound shot through the sky. A bolt of lightening struck close. Gasps could be heard all around. I looked quickly at my feet in the fields of water and didn't see the glow. The fields were black. The pale faces around me sunk in, gaunt and hungry. Their mouths worked but I could not hear them. My vision went blurry then black, fading away from their struggle.
This soul will forever wander,
like the mist around an ancient shipwreck,
seeking a peace that never comes,
drowning in a million tears,
lost in the eternal.
I am the captain of my ship
No other scallywags can tell me
When to port or to sail
Just like in love
Life can find no substitute
when the end comes to love.
Two hearts intermingle
and become the one
they always were.
The hope that flourishes
underneath the lifeless games
create an everlasting spark
that subsists the reason
to keep on with life.
On and on
the cycle goes,
creating art with every breath.
An art that reveals
Passion,
Pain,
Joy,
Love,
Dreams,
and success.
Anything
that demonstrates
anything less,
shall not be deemed art.
Art is in the living,
as only the living
can see the beauty
that exists in everything.
In my hand,
and in my soul,
I possess the ability
to create.
To bring to life
the imagination
that dances
so freely within me.
To experience the art of creation
is a treasure;
The treasure
that every pirate
was looking for.
Live, and it will be found.
A boy born into royalty
Destined to rule over a great kingdom
But sent away by one with ill will for the kingdom
To be killed in a shipwreck
And leave a kingdom without their prince
But a lion pushed the boy in the wreckage to shore
Where a man stood wakeful at night
And took the boy in, giving him life
The man abused the boy in many ways
And the future ruler would leave to rule his kingdom
The boy had always wanted to go North
As if there were something good to the North
Something drawing him to the mountains and rivers
As he had northern blood flowing through his veins
So 'Onward and upward, to Narnia and the North!'
The boy fled his home on the back of a talking horse
Escaping the abusive nature of his supposed-father
To the north where he was meant to be, they fled
From the south the life he was fleeing from
His destined kingdom lying in this northern land to which he travelled
On horseback he rides in a forest
Before hearing the sounds of another horse
And then seeing the sights of another rider
Terrified the horse pulls forward
Then a wild animal gives its mighty roar
Hearing the roar of a mighty lion
The riders and horses go on running from this terror
Until they are united, together in their travels
Then the lion disappears into the mist of the forest
And the travelers, a boy and a girl, and two horses now travel to the north together
The boy stranded in the desert
Away from all things he had known
Without his horse or traveling companions
Without any water to quench his thirst
And he spends the night alone in the dark desert
There on the desert ground, terrified he laid
For behind him stood tombs of the kings of old
And to his forefront laid the desert
He imagined ghosts and ghouls that might come from the tombs
And terrified he laid, there on the desert ground
Then a kitten came to his side
The cat came und nuzzled behind the sleeping boy
It kept him warm through the cold desert night
The boy felt safe with the kitten by his side
As if no one or no thing could possibly harm him
As he slept, he heard the sound of jackals howling in the desert
The boy became fearful once he noticed the absence of the cat
Yet it was at this time that he heard the mighty roar of a lion
And the lions roar made him even more fearful than he was before
But then the howling of the jackals ceased and he was safe
He awoke again later in the night to the cat by his side
The cat comforted him in his loneliness
And kept him warm in the desert night
When it needed to, the cat became a lion and defended the boy
For the lion always wanted what was best for that boy
Then the four travelers ventured north across the desert
Racing against time, and against enemy armies
To get to the kingdom in the north on time to warn the king
But like any desert travelers, they quickly tired
And they required one final push
A lion's roar cams out of the silence of nature
And very quickly the horses sped up to leave the lion's reach
But to no avail as the lion gashed at one of the riders
The terror of the horses propelled them forward
And they made it in time to save the kingdom
The boy was reunited with his father, the king
And he himself became a king when it came high time
The boy married the girl, and became king and queen of the country in the north
For the Lion and the Kitten led them to the north, and to their salvation
Even when they did not know the Lion at all
The Lion is Jesus Christ, God Himself in the flesh
He came to save the boy, and his horse
And his wife and her horse
He came as a fierce lion to redirect
And as a kitten to comfort
He came as a lion to defend
And as a kitten to protect
Jesus Christ came to men
He came as a helpless fetus and infant
And as a small child
He came as a man to teach
And as a man to die
Jesus is fierce when needed
And gracious when needed
For He loves His children
And will not let His children stray far from Him
For much good is to come for the Children of God
Here you will find,
something new,
something so new you will be inclined to wonder,
a visibal triumph for only right now,
a pirate of the sea of webs so cosmic and vast,
legible and credible somehow these words are your plunder,
it's a marvelous journey,
hoping for a bit of life or living for a bit of hope,
in affect to your endless need for the spectromagnetic something to trickle out ever so nice..
it wont happen,
these are only thoughts,
motivated by something we are never going to know.
so now here you are,
with me and you are still looking,
now we shall leave eachother.
die nachtaus alle verewigung -
verewigung die nacht - in immigrant German
spoken - not spoken, hlfte, hlfte,
pork-chops go go got taken with Australian whoring...
cos selling the body saved you with the crucifix from
selling something like your soul, hence the accord to
be ready for critique of selling the magic potion of drinking
iodine... i was a fetus back then... when the atom
boob got the plastic elasticity of tangling
to wanking a didgeridoo... magician's syndrome:
wank that tightened fist and i'll assure you
you'll get the white flag of piracy's peace:
meaning they never robbed the rich men, pirates
just robbed the artists... hey wooden plank,
knock knock... don't make me into a wooden chair...
take a creaking floorboard and make it into
a shimmy toothpick... knock knock... who's there?
Jude? Jude who? hey i'm Jude? Judy Jew who?
a Jew who chewed propaganda and hid Jude.
fair enough, Jude's the everyday Jew.
no, she's the Rabbi! Rabbi who?
the Sabbatical who knows who.
some say i know god.
well, good luck with that, mostly asserted
on death row.
at least that place is given a fabric of a team effort.
by the time i think about next week's trash
i'll have written something akin to it being
taken out into a pig's trough of what resembled
the dating scene in New York...
hardly reminiscent of the gay Utopia:
so much anger yet still only the vote,
so much anger yet still only the vote...
the intelligence poured in, but the
quiff only wanted the algebra of x
to match it up to a presidential race success with some donor's
y, and later + and squared and equals to make
those family holidays affordable.
- winter-night... deutschekaiser....
i swear it would be cheaper to build a wall
around the middle east...
like the European Union really
wanted to invest in dates... cos we were
ready to make a Sabbath from a Ramadan...
like we waited for the loss of % on added debt...
we waited, and waited... and waited...
we got McDonald's instead... and that was all
in the inventory... and that was all in
whatever we got, if we got anything:
deutsche schmutzig machen... is that perfect
German muddy - herrbzigg - or alter
Philanthropist zigzag - howdy howdy ho?
dots the avenue...
and the many riches coming your way...
make muddy, or muddied already,
takes one swipe of the credit card,
ends up with 110 to nil streaks of shit
bothered about Star Trek... and the cellphone...
and the extraterrestrials of Mexico (or he co &amp; co; huh i?)...
got the gangrene green if you
like the Licorice tangle of blank Ovid saying:
mahogany, mahogany, mahoney... mama got all da
honey... n she got the 2Pac shaky shaky core blues;
mind the albino in the hood:
or Mars the red planet, Earth the brown planet,
scary they thought of dinosaurs with dragons prior...
didn't think of Martian life prior to government
conspiracies, way before Darwinism and crowd control...
life on Mars: well, it was once there,
long before dinosaurs, and bacteria and yogurt...
long before the circus, and the commuter caterpillar...
i believe that there <em>was</em> life on Mars,
given the timescale... it was there...
but it ain't there anymore...
which might explain the U.F.O.s....
don't believe the government's audacity to have
created something so phosphorescent Zulu
as to invoke an engraving of lawless Voodoo...
before we knew of dinosaur remains we drew dragons...
before we explored Mars we were given
the proofs... life existed on Mars, long before
Earth was made the 2nd laboratory of a deity...
then it died, given the life-cycle of stars...
Mars is rocky... earth is rocky...
whatever life existed on Mars in its full potential
is long gone... is this really as weird
as what pop culture makes of man and monkey?
kettle and carpal muscles evolving from
oysters? we really can become equally ridiculous to
the extent that we turn on each other...
it didn't take much to divide Hindu from Muslim
into India and Pakistan... this won't take much thought either...
i'm just trying to counter scientific negativism,
and counter the timescale of both physicists' big bang
theory and the anti-historical Darwinism...
i'm starting with life on Mars, at a time when
Earth was inhospitable... volcanic... i might be among
the many people treated as being "mentally ill"
when the government claims to be so advanced as to practice
such projections of phosphorescent objects,
when it's dumb as Donald Tramp... because NASA is
not theoretical enough... and the government seeks
control by claiming NASA isn't the end result...
the usual suspects: lies... and more lies...
the Venusian Art... the pick-up artists...
i read it, never tried it... wish i did... but i also wished
for a herd of goats too...
but that's the best explanation of sighting a UFO i have...
before Earth was made habitable, Mars came prior...
Mars is rocky... is Earth... our fantasy is about discovering
life on Mars... life on Mars left a long time ago...
it's gone... gone gone gone...
the sun is cooling down before it becomes a dwarf...
before the perfection of this glasshouse of plants and animals
Mars came before us... and it was perfect...
later came this whole God and Devil debacle and plagiarism...
the first supreme, the second mildly similar...
but altogether worse... i told you, a phosphorescent object
in the night is hardly a government project...
the government is not capable of such things...
if they are, then they're like a man with a 4 inch
penis telling a girl he's a millionaire and has a fetish for
watching his girlfriend get fucked by a stranger with a 12 inch cock...
do the match... get a mud-bath.
the Welsh drew dragons and the Chinese too,
long before the dinosaurs usurped the happy-times
next to a bonfire... i'm just like that...
life existed on Mars long before we decided to look
for microbes on that red Ayers orb...
i'd be looking for sodium rather than twin oxygen trapped
into liquid by hydrogen, then always alienating laws
by ice, the said liquid and vapour...
my theory is that the original life on Mars,
didn't experience hydro sodium chloride... i.e. the seas...
Mars had only sweet life form... given the Devil
plagiarised Mars with earth, we received the seas...
we received the hydro sodium chloride... salty waters...
so if i was heading to Mars, i'd be mostly interested
in finding sodium chloride (salt) than anything...
not life... if i was heading to Mars i'd be trying to find salt...
not life... salt... salt... salt... Angie Jolie film (2010)? Salt.
because we forgot our individual intuition,
and we chose to have individual intellect that might be
easily swayed, because of this we allowed
collective intuition to arise... which we couldn't
intellectualise, because a collective intuition gave rise
premonition, prophecy and such artefacts of similar attention...
no collective intellect could ever be grasped:
atheism and Christianity and Islam and etc.
are such examples of what we lost... once we gave up
individual intuition, to replace it with a collective intellect,
we couldn't revise individual intuition with an individual
intellect (how many adherents of Marx does it
take to change a light-bulb?) - so we invested in
a collective intuition, whatever you call it, it's maxim
is still unshaken with the words: the sun will rise tomorrow.
a line from Heidegger concerning this observation:
every man is born as many men and dies as a single one -
like me, how i discovered the difference between
the man and the mass, intuition and intellect...
how man reversed the intuitive continuum of animals
to converse with an anti-animal invigoration of
intellect, and transcend the continuum of replicas,
and therefore invest in embryo, or the book of Genesis,
"original", in that, also a continuum by ontological inspection:
i.e. continually revisionist... Einstein preceding Newton...
Orangutan Joe preceding King Kong was never
really going to happen.
A foggy recollection*, "Please check all that may apply". I was sent here by the judge to be an undercover spy.
And I think with willing ignorance to help I might get by, since I can't avoid them physically, I feel I'm justified.
Here's a compromise I've come to now that someone gives a shit: I don't need this shaky therapy - I need another hit.
I've attended all your meetings and I've witnessed all the tricks - it's a different sort of animal - that's not a proper fix.
Now my wisdom of mythology allows me to extract, until vapours are collected in my respiratory tract.
So expect it's all connected to the way that I'll react to the scales that hold my future and it'd better be exact.
As an instrument of karma I'm compelled to stop your heart, in whatever way is possible before it's torn apart.
But it flows into my bloodsteam like a poppy flavoured dart. Get these scaly beasts of fantasy a purpose to impart .
Another consequence to selling out the value of my mind, is the utter lack of empathy for anyone I find.
I can't bother wasting sympathy on people undefined. These are effigies to weakness that I cannot stand behind.
When I want to choose between the two, my urges always lie, and say, "Might as well indulge in both - don't need a stupid tie".
So surrender to temptation with this helpless battle cry, "I wish to ride upon the backs of flying creatures in the sky".
If I found a grainy surplus meekly hiding from my sight, it'd be tantamount to reverie but it escapes my eye.
Should be hoarding some each time that I restock my damn supply, but the inkling to destroy myself will stop me if I try.
Haven't reclaimed any self esteem and still I wonder, "Why?" What bestows this sense of torment just because I can't get high?
Doesn't matter what the circumstance, I need to say, "Good-bye", cuz the insects won't escape me 'til these dragons fucking die.
They did yet not know,
The coincidental details
Of each others loathings,
Or even begin
To chart
The eclipses of their early aspirations,
Although instantly,
And within seconds of hearing each others voice,
They suspected theyd soon share
The gasps and pleadings of the great grand hope.
Their introduction was online of course,
Their first physical meet,
A small wine bar on the south side,
Where they were served complimentary
Blue cheese, on
Crisp crackers, handmade,
Each bite a delight and a nod and a welcome treat.
A sign of so many yummy things to come.
Lisa, her full name was Lisa Lilac,
Explained, with a bit of crumb on her lower lip,
That her bedroom was the only place to have
A serious conversation.
Nothing else will matter if we dont fuck well,
Or at the very least if we dont fuck with potential, she said,
Can anything overcome the cardinal disappointment,
Of shite-shat sex?
How is intimacy even possible she asked
If the ordeal is bitter or banal.
His name was Keegan
And he took her hand for a moment,
And examined the backs of her knuckles with
A kind mans massage of her fingers.
Her hands were small beautiful appointments,
Soft,
And he knew her touch was opiate
And capable of breaking him apart.
Let me see if I can read your desires, Keegan said
And he turned her hand over and examined her palm.
Our first kiss must be a valuable possession, he said,
A vivid memory, erotic and intentional,
From this first brush, in this famished embrace
You will find in my pursuit all of your hunger,
I will draw your lower lip out with a lovers bite,
My tongue will pirate your beautiful mouth,
And like a jewel thief in a plush apartment,
It will search urgently and everywhere for a precious reaction.
A French Kiss, is that not the most perfectly named thing,
Our entanglement will tender to curiosity,
This very first kiss will be ours,
Our only signature of things to come.
Lisa said she wanted him to kiss her right now,
In the company of strangers and hired help, Keegan asked.
Of course, I sometimes like an audience, she said,
And I always fall for a man,
Who can perform under pressure.
In that case you must make a promise, Keegan requested.
Im listening, she replied.
You must promise after
The first time we make love,
To let me read to you out loud,
No matter time of day,
Will there be a first time,
She asked in blush of fashion and feminine coy,
Without any doubt he replied
And consummated her with his dusk- dawn smile.
What say ye of pirates gold?
Sailing through th' Nevertold
Steer ye now t'waters still
Raise th' rum and drink yer fill
Heave ho, raise yer colours high
Yer cap'n with th' weather eye
Cast yer minds to times a-past
The battles fought 'n oceans vast
A life's adventure, a pirate's free
Wandering spirits of th' sea
broken baby girl
screams of want
for the new world
just beyond the horizon
but she's been
sailing a sinking ship
with holes in the
sails and
an anchor that
drags through the depths
crew jumped
overboard
a thousand
leagues ago
and she stands
at the helm
compass in hand
perfectly unwilling
to live this one down
100 yards from land
she holds the hand of the
figurehead tight enough
that slivers work their way
throughout her palm
and as she breathes in
the salty liquid and watches
the sun streaked sky
littered with screaming gulls
fade away
she knows that she's finally
found a way
into the great unknown
The tax man is coming to town
he wants to put all of us down,
he'll tell you what taxes are due and
then shake the cash out of you.
I'm hiding my money away,in
the Cayman's or Montego Bay,
let him go looking
like I did today, for somewhere
to squirrel my money away.
Don't think that he is your friend,
his means is a way to your end,
if you've got money
I suggest that you spend
the lot.
There's a wavering ocean inside of me
Longing to escape its carnage confines
Crashing against the bony cage dunes
Capsizing the ship in a graceless gale
I am drowned from within, flooded
Gallons of seasalt whipping my wounds
A life of metaphor lost to the tsunami
I gasp for air, unable to scream or escape
How can I tear away from my own flesh?
These waves ebb and dash me asunder
The gulls squawk a concert of mockery
Nipping down to peck at my bloody eyes
I'm plunged under the expanse of water
Engulfed with a paramount phobia
Of drowning and fading in a greying
Self-absorbed, ego-soaked hurricane.
Oh the seabed will rise to embrace me
Against her longing, shell-indented bosom
Where I might finally rest in peace
Or perhaps tie me to a scalloped raft
Leaving me to pick the scales from
My permeated crow-black hair
And the crab-meat from between
My crooked, plaque-ridden teeth
The sea does little to offer answers
Instead coughing up useless pearls
And cold, dead scale-painted flesh
The boundless sea prunes my toes
Burns my blue lips and clogs my limbs
It does little to hide my own rotting
Body and suffocating putrescence
The decay of my mind resists charity
Threatening the few flames left
In a soul that was never mine
All that remains of me is the memory
Of the ceaseless tide that was only
Disrupted by the moon-lass' love
A dozen times a year like the rose bouquet
Which you placed by my eternal bed.
Please dont call;
Dont bother leaving a message either.
I wont call you back or even listen.
And please dont text or write.
Because I wont respond,
And you wont find me.
Not here;
Not for a while.
Id like to tell you where I am.
Where it is that Ive disappeared to.
But how can I describe where I am,
To someone who has never experienced it?
I hesitate to put its beauty into words
Out of fear that my vocabulary will not do it justice.
And God forbid that I taint your image of it.
Or even make it seem less magnificent then it really,
Truly is.
All I will tell you
Is I am drifting.
Drifting back and forth; smoothly and consumed by nostalgia.
Ive mastered the steady rhythm of the tide;
Memorized how it breathes when it stretches its arms.
Ive allowed the breeze to take control.
Signed the waver, official in its smudged dark ink
Its now my captain
And I follow wherever it goes.
Identical in the ways a pirate will follow a route to treasure.
But Im not looking for gold.
I have no longing for wealth or money.
What Ive found is better.
Intimacy,
Passion,
Possibly even love.
And every morning its soft voice
Whispers through the sliding glass doors.
In the afternoon I taste its salty personality,
Sprinkled diligently across my lips.
Adoring the way it has permanently stained my skin.
My perfume is a testament to where Ive been
And who Ive spent my hours with.
The different shades my skin turns and
the way my hair reflects the vibrant characteristics of the sun
Represent what Ive been doing
And where you will find me.
Ive wandered back into an old lifestyle.
My way of living that ended too soon.
I am its lover.
Completely infatuated and devoted to it.
And when were separated,
miles and hours apart;
I feel that it just might cease to exist.
Vanish from my memories.
And with it,
Myself as well.
So dont bother looking for me.
Unfortunately, I will be back
Dont worry.
Some force will drag me into reality.
But for now,
Ill be hiding with my love,
Stranded in the past.
Nan stood beside you
on the beach; you could smell
the sea and hear its roar
on the shore.
Grandad stood
on your other side:
that shipwreck out there,
can you see it?
You peered out to sea:
can see something,
you said.
That's the S.S
Richard Montgomery,
Grandad said,
sank in 1944
during the war.
And it's still there?
you said.
Got explosives aboard
too dangerous to move,
Grandad said.
You stared hard,
wishing youryoung eyes
could bring the shipwreck
closer.
Do you want an ice cream?
Nan said.
That'd be good,
yes please, Nan,
you replied,
your eyes leaving the wreck
to gaze at your nan.
How did it sink?
you asked,
was it sunk
by Germans?
No,
Grandad said,
it ran aground
and broke up,
I believe.
You walked back
up the shore
with Grandad
at your side.
Your nan had gone ahead
to buy ice creams
for you all
at some ice cream stall.
People wish to be settled. Only as long as they are unsettled is there any hope for them.
-- Thoreau
My life has been
the instrument
for a mouth
I have never seen,
breathing wind
which comes
from I know not
where,
arranging and changing
my moods,
so as to make
an opening
for his voice.
Or hers.
Muse, White Goddess
mother with invisible
milk,
androgynous god
in whose grip
I struggle,
turning this way and that,
believing that I chart
my life,
my loves,
when in fact
it is she, he,
who charts them--
all for the sake
of some
as yet unwritten poem.
Twisting in the wind,
twisting like a pirate
dangling in a cage
from a high seawall,
the wind whips
through my bones
making an instrument,
my back a xylophone,
my sex a triangle
chiming,
my lips stretched tight
as drumskins,
I no longer care
who is playing me,
but fear
makes the hairs
stand up
on the backs
of my hands
when I think
that she may stop.
And yet I long
for peace
as fervently as you do--
the sweet connubial bliss
that admits no
turbulence,
the settled life
that defeats poetry,
the hearth before which
children play--
not poets' children,
ragtag, neurotic, demon-ridden,
but the apple-cheeked children
of the bourgeoisie.
My daughter dreams
of peace
as I do:
marriage, proper house,
proper husband,
nourishing dreamless
sex,
love like a hot toddy,
or an apple pie.
But the muse
has other plans
for me
and you.
Puppet mistress,
dangling us
on this dark proscenium,
pulling our strings,
blowing us
toward Cornwall,
toward Venice, toward Delphi,
toward some lurching
counterpane,
a tent upheld
by one throbbing
blood-drenched pole--
her pen, her pencil,
the monolith
we worship,
underneath
the gleaming moon.
your face went on every
milk carton in my dreams
when you went missing
&amp; i listened to a song
about how the churches
in your hometown
were built from the martyred mahogany
of shipwrecks
i dare you
to think i can't rip
the very mood
from your temperate fingertips
when i am cold
and hell bent
on seeing you oceans away, wince
this is not an
"i saw this coming all along" poem
or a "i still wonder about the moments between breaths when your phone lights up" poem..
this is a will &amp; a way
with brass knuckles
maybe a barehanded bludgeon
but i swear i'm trying
to sleep at night
without wondering how cold
it is in your bed.
so mother goose
tell me about
the whispered prayers
crammed into the earthquakes
you call hands
about an ennui
that speaks to me.
found myself on a greyhound bus
travelin far from all that muss
them lonely hearts
them angry cops
them vacant eyes
them burned out shops
that dark cold city sure ain't pretty
too many jail cells
too many private hells
too many bloodshot mornings
too many deaf eared warnings
not enough to keep me here
not enough of that free beer
never enoughdope to shoot
not enoughin pirate loot
not enough warm pillow dreams
no thread left to sew my seams
not to keep believing
not enough...
i think i'm leaving
just too manny worn out souls
count my toes to count the holes
run down
on empty
gotta get my fill
lookin for another pint to spill
sippin on some stolen booze
i got nothin left to lose
sleepin under concrete bridges
shivering and cold as fridges
chipped teeth and blood stains on my shirt
Aww hell i'm fine
it didn't hurt
spare change for whiskey
root beer chase
and hopes to get between her lace
first kisses and them pretty lies
crumble into last goodbyes
the laughter fades
the raindrops burn
on open road the wheels turn
i got two thumbs
i'll level one
and i'll ride off into the sun...
As the little minds drift off to sleep with a strife,
the unsung heroes of the night come to life.
Protection from the succubus of the eventide,
using their powers of whim with a glide.
Stitched smiles and button eyes defend the adolescents
under the shine of crescents.
While the nightmares attempt to emerge,
the guardians uphold with a surge.
Unable to pirate their minds,
they dissipate with a wind.
The unsung heroes take their win with a fain,
therefore the children of the world are safe again.
The words I cannot speak
The thoughts I dare to think
That fear in your heart
A shipwreck yet to sink
The eyes that never softened
The lips that couldn't move
The love you never gave
The love you had to prove
My reason to keep waiting
The inconsistent desire
My reason to keep leaving
The one to hardly admit the admire
Keeping yourself away
Hidden and tight
Leaving doors unlocked
Hoping for a familiar goodnight
So beautifully confusing
Afraid and almost bold
A game no longer amusing
A hopeful thought growing cold
You are 22 lines of endless notions
You are all of the stars fallen to the ocean
To love
you must find
where light convenes at daybreak
brooding
You must search
beyond impending greenery
assertive lace and pirate flower
Below the clouds of spring
that cant
be seriously taken
Behind times betrayal
where vined lattice
cages fragments of a smile
Why sophisticate such sense?
Far more to the extent
of will and heart extended
taste is answered
unaware
of when the sweet was gone
For presence is!
when savored sourceslinger
...in their endings
knownand not resigned
Melted...quiescent...priestly moment
Its not Zenith!
but Twilight
who drops her eyes!
To love
you must
must love
beyond...below...behind
Ghost Souls Of The Sea
Ghosts
haunting the seas bay
echoing there cries out
from the shipwreck
that buried deep in the bays bed
of covens rock point
so chilling and spine writhed
daunting those waters currents
in the seas bay
ghosts circling wreck spiritual haunting
in its rusty foundations
its the souls ghost deathbed
of covens rock point
in the those murky waters of sea bay
haunting those that trespass
the daunting shipwreck in
the seas bay of coven rock point
that is embedded deep in the
bays seabed of ghostly soul daunt
Ghost Souls Of The Sea by deb Harman
I walked the almost
Deserted beach
Late afternoon
The sun was minting coins
On the placid waters
It was indeed a beautiful
Day awakening my
Poetic imagination
I sat for a while deep
In thought
How could such a place
Turn so hostile and frightening
Storms and thunderous waves
shipwrecks, men drowned
Hostile predators deep under
The lashing waves?
I walked quietly away
At least today the sea
Was behaving itself
Keith Wilson
Birthwaite July 2015
I'd be okay with getting old
If I got to keep these gams
They'll wrinkle and sprout those purple-green veins
Like spiderwebs spun over kneecaps
Yes, since aging means ugly legs
I think I'll find a Peter
And a Neverland
And fight pirates in fabulous Lost Boy tights
That accentuate my ever-youthful gams
5/8/18 4:00 am
I'm afraid if I tell you my secrets that
You'll shout them back at me.
If my constant day dream
Was filmed in front of a studio audience
With you as the sole observer
You'd only laugh at my pain.
I'm afraid if I look into your eyes
You'll notice the ship
Sinking in the depths of mine.
If one day the weight becomes too heavy
And I suddenly drop this load on you
You'll crumble beneath the pressure.
You'd be lost at sea.
A pirate of my emotions.
I pray you swim at your own risk babe
I'm afraid it gets deep.
I belong to the
Boys in my mind.
The heroes in books
Knights and that kind.
The honest, the brave,
The funny, the flawed.
Give me a villian
I'd never get bored.
We weave our own tales
Of love and hate.
Seeking our own kind
Of prince or pirate.
The pirates opened the door and when they entered the gun room,
Their employer was found dead; feelings of joy surged through
Those pirates as they saw the guns. ''His death, how could he presume? ''
They took the pistols saying, ''Let's go to what we have to do! ''
Their chief had dark blue eyes and a grotesque smile; he touched the walls,
''There is an entrance through this wall leading to the cargo.''
Each one came out and hunkered like a scorpion that sprawls.
They heard the sailors talking about someone called Fargo.
They were working hard to extinguish the fire, so desperate
They were that they could swallow anything; the pirates' chief
Stood in waiting for his comrades; he used a temperate
Language, ''look, they're coming with the boat; it's my fixed belief
That a strong thought is needed before plunging into the fight
With a force which always made matters worse; the pirates coming
With a boat looked like peasants; they asked to embark, in spite
Of the situation, and to give a help while thinking
To go to Syracuse; Miguel stood stock while he thought
Of what this all meant, ''they are not what they seem to be, '
Said Pedro. ''Maybe they are, '' replied Miguel. ''We are caught
Up in something.'' ''We need help anyway, '' ''It's strange for me.''
''What's your name? '' Pedro asked one of them when they embarked.
''Zackery, '' answered that man. ''What an unusual name.''
They walked along the deck and climbed the stairs to meet the captain.
''Where's our chief, '' asked someone while helping extinguish the last flame.
''Here I am, '' said someone having a ring with a boom skull.
His men had guns aimed at the crew and at the passengers.
''Let's start, '' he said while contemplating the flight of a seagull.
''Don't talk each other, because we can kill all the messengers.
The pirates started a dangerous assault with their guns
While hitting and slapping the victims; ''wake up, captain, I come
Bearing glad tidings- now, God takes to High His beloved ones.''
Freddy said, ''I need comfort; maybe you can afford me some.''
Some pirates were gazing at the shrinking victims while
Genuflecting them and stabbing the air; immobilized
Them by holding their heads between their arms and chests in their style.
Others wrapped each victim's hair around his neck, '' mobilized
Is now my army for the war of life, '' said their chief
While ordering some of them to keep the victims under
Surveillance, '' he continued, ''let them share some thoughts of grief.
Where's he? '' ''He's in the gun room, not breathing; fell asunder.''
Nobody was paying much attention to the details,
But Ibrahim was looking at them from a safe corner.
''We're heavy drinkers; let's find some wine until our scam fails.''
''Do you mean they know? '' ''They dealt with their devil, the warner.''
''One of them killed him; we must kill them all, '' said another one.
A silence fell between the captains as they started to stare
Openly into each other's eyes. 'Where are the women? ''
''I don't know, '' said Freddy. ''Let's search the shore, they can be there.''
(To be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Transcend* all that holds you down,
the subconscious <strong>beast</strong> you believe exists.
It's nothing more than a self created barrier,
locked, with a key long ago misplaced.
The map is in your hands.
<em>Destiny</em> is something we must create.
We must go now my dear,
the Intergalactic Pirates await.
Hey, slow it down.<em>
What have I done?
I've messed up yet again.
</em>There might have been a time<em>
</em>When I would give myself away<em>
Those nights when I would leave you right before you fell asleep
And come back to see you wake up
But then, I wasn't really seeing, now was I?
My eyes were replaced with different lenses
That I scratched and clawed at but could not break.
</em>Yeah, it's plain to see<em>
</em>That baby you're beautiful<em>
</em>And there's nothing wrong with you<em>
Those lenses have long since fallen
Lubricated by melancholic tears
Lulled by the waves of irony that I still tried to hold onto
Because you were there
That one cay by this shipwreck of a human
</em>It's me I'm a freak<em>
</em>But thanks for lovin' me<em>
</em>'Cause you're doing it perfectly*
I can't wrap my head around why you've stayed.
But you did.
You're still here.
And I'm honestly so indebted to you
Because you somehow see something worthwhile in this petty excuse of a person.
And--
God.
You're absolutely perfect.
but isn't the real tragedy that I found myself within you
as you briefly gazed into the mirror that is me and walked away
isn't the real tragedy that I have become a vise of borrowed space
a gap to be filled by hands I have reached for in the dark
that I have misplaced my emptiness for loneliness
and in return
lost count of the bodies I have slipped into like old coats
<em>trying to find the one that shapes me into the woman I was before you left</em>
my bones may be empty but my fists are full of the laughter of native ghosts
mocking me for holding onto a love less real than they are
isn't the real tragedy that I can't place the nights I have attempted to answer my question of grief with sex
<em>a wreckage of ash perading as anguish</em>
but isn't that love
not seeing the explosion when you are the bomb
isn't the real tragedy that I am alive purely by luck at this point
that I am nothing more than a decorated shipwreck
*an obituary
my very own ceremony
(In Prinylas, in a bedroom, Ivan and Erica were talking while lying on their bed.)
(Erica said,)
I love you and I have proven it to you so many times.
Maybe it would be healthy if we would remain simple
Peasants to work in the fields; I miss this life sometimes.
You're my man and I listen to you, '' she drew her wimple.
(Ivan said,)
''Sometimes, you're exhausted, '' '' I'm afraid of getting sick, ''
''All the time, I need to protect you; it's hard for you to live
On your own, '' '' you make a lot of money; you want them quick, ''
''I'm like my aunt, but I also find a nice way to give;
(Ivan continued)
I like to build a wealth, not just to spend them for my needs, ''
''This is why you sold everything you had in Russia and
Started a business elsewhere; you followed your instinct leads;
You don't think positively when you don't have the needed funds, ''
(Erica replied. Ivan asked her)
''Do you suggest this is the reason why my Turkish store burned?
I've told you that after I had returned from Russia, someone
Threatened me near the border and took my fur I had earned.
It could be the nun's ex-husband, '' ''It could be anyone, ''
(suggested Erica. Ivan replied..)
''It could be another fur trader; anyway, there is
A disruption in the business conditions; Naimah has
The same opinion; I started doing business,
'Cause I wanted a big family, but my life became a haze, ''
(Erica was a great observer.)
''Because you started to get into some risky affairs, ''
''Are you talking about the gold? '' ''Yes, '' ''I needed new
Relationships; all remained to this nun for her future years
Was this gold, which had been deposited to the bank,  Its true,
(.concluded Erica. Ivan continued)
She met me and gave me the map and the document
That empowered me to accompany the messenger
To Russia after traveling across the continent.
I would receive twelve kilos of gold for this adventure.
She had sent an act to one of her friends living in England
Authorizing him to take the gold out from the bank
And to pay a messenger to bring it home, '' '' I understand.
''She wrote about some security conditions, '' ''That ship sank,
(Erica continued)
But maybe the sailors had been killed before sinking.
I have to tell you a secret, '' '' Why do we go to Portugal? ''
''Because I fear of that person who fired my shop after taking
My fur; with the remaining money I opened this life portal-
I bought our trip; I couldn't turn back to talk to the nun.
I should meet the messenger; '' ''Why have you created problems? ''
''Because Frederick didn't keep his word; he preferred to run.
He had promised me to stay two weeks in Athens before I embarked.''
(Erica asked him)
''Why did he change his mind? '' ''Because of what had happened in
Selanik; He concluded that he had been chased by the pirates.
I needed time to go to give the map, '' Ivan said with a grin.
'' To wait for me to come back, you would stay there in silence.''
(Erica should stay on the ship to wait for Ivan. She said)
''Maybe that pirate followed us and killed the messenger.
Let's think positively, '' '' He took the gold; we need protection.
Moreover, the nun told me that she hadn't informed her
Ex-husband about the gold because of losing his affection.
This woman wants to donate her gold in exchange for freedom.
The map is vital to her as the commission is to me.''
'' The messenger came with his servant in this garden of Eden.
Why didn't they take the ship? '' ''To watch it sailing on the sea! ''
(exclaimed Ivan and continued)
If something had happened to the gold, he would have asked
The authorities to investigate the missing,   At least,
He should verify this transport in the port of Constanta.
Imagine how some poisoned thoughts could spoil the hope's feast!
( exclaimed Erica. Ivan asked)
'' Where do you know this from? '' '' I've read his journal, '' '' I must go
To tell the governor everything I know and to ask him
To help me, '' ''This nun is very important to you; although
You don't say it, you do it; means not making money on a whim.''
'' I understood the idea of freedom in life,
Especially for a woman; I wanted to fight against
An old, Russian mentality; started with an inner strife
While hoping to find some ways to achieve true happiness.''
(Ivan continued.)
'' Don't forget that I overcame my own human condition.
''I think it is also about the faith that spurred you; read
Some chapters aloud for me before sleeping; your diction
Is nice, '' ''Hope it's not philosophical; don't turn in the bed! ''
(Just a little,  replied Erica and fell asleep.)
(..To be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
i am drowning in your undertow
my stone heavy heart sinks me
into your depths
drowning me in you
now i know how it feels to drown
struggling makes it worse
now i know how it feels to drown
struggling makes it worse
i can see the shipwrecks
the rotting of the lost
pulling, dragging currents
drowning me in you
now i know how it feels to drown
struggling makes it worse
now i know how it feels to drown
struggling makes it worse
your underwater city fallen
my bones live there
From a heart lost to a heart found, the greatest thing I ever learned was just to love and to be loved in returned.Love, you were my soul mate.Being with you if only in my mind makes me feel like Im home again.One day my final journey will come and Ill be where you are once more.Until then, our love is kept treasured in my heart.
Miss you still.
To a hidden heart from a heart out loud the greatest gift is to give love and receive love in return.My heart was open to love again finding me this time a pirate on the run.Thieved by the shadow dwellers, his heart laid dormant looted of his own hidden treasure.

Want you still.
Loves depth drowned twice in Times Torn Tragedy. Both tormented with every drop this here bottled poured.
Love you still.
conversations had
at the dinner table at
8 pm.
polite curiosity
gentle pushes
my friend has 4 grandsons
who are all around your age.
mom stop. they're looking for brides.she's not ready.
hmm. perhaps. i am
not ready
not only
because i am young
but also perhaps.
perhaps
because i am
with someone.
yes his name she is lovely
the death glare comes from mama bear
nothing will be said
don't worry this secret will fester within this body--
it will stay contained until it
bursts open from its own box--
because protection is required
for the bravest of minds
fooling the ones we love
oh aren't we all too familiar
with this little game
but the ones i love the very most
grandma grandma grandpa
who are shielded from me
as if i am a deadly disease
too strong for their weak bones
you. who gazed in awe upon the ink
on my skin. you.
you who caressed my weary head until it dropped onto
your pillow. you who told me stories of pirates and
princesses.
you.
you are who i will never disclose to.
you are who i must shield. and bite my lip
to stop the tears.
you. you all are my lifeblood. my only loves.
and i can not bear bestowing this pain
upon your intelligible souls. i am selfish.
so very very selfish. but this is love.
and love is selfish.
Captured in the psych ward
Yeah the new guy was taken straight to solitary as his violent outbursts frightened everyone there at the HDU mainly because he was trying to explain in a violent crazy person way that he wanted to put this shy boy Brett omim on television cause he was worried about mr omim spike to him and you see Brett really liked him but was unaware that he was working for Home and away to study
Characters for future episodes, you see his mum and dad were worried about their son mixing with gnus crazy person but Brett said to his parents fuck off and stayed at his house and this man was really angry cause he is one of those people who doesn't want people over, he just wants to play with us and then write his future episodes of home and away and he explained our character like how we look to the public very well, and then Brett saw it written in his house and mind you he didn't want this and said you ain't going to put my life on home and away, csuse if you do I will say that you are so shy and I will torture you with that forever and ever and then he said you haven't got the fucken guts mate and then Brett said come on mike, get into the car I will take you somewhere where you can write as many stories as you like and then mike lander rolling was in the HDU and met Ron cooper and mike said get out of my way, I am a writer for home and away not a dangerous crazy person and Ron put Valium in his arm and took him to the solitary room and it has a TV but mike was having problems especially when Brett charged him with slander and using his profile without permission
And the only time mike was let out of solitary was when his girl Friday came who thought it was cool to talk near the water and Ron allowed that
But made sure a nurse or even him was there so he can't try funny stuff
And the producer of home and away came in to see him and left without taking, well he said one thing and that was, no when I gave you this job
I wasn't asking you to be nosed. And film behind backs no I wanted proper people here and then mike got angry and hit Charlie in the gut and ran straight to his room and Charlie was lying on the ground in real bloody pain and Ron locked mike in saying no more visitors for mike unless they are willing to go in there cause this man is dangerous
And Ron was getting ready to take Charlie to TAFE and George came down and banged on mikes door
Ssying hey you fucken cunt I want to bash the fuck out of you and then George said I am julius Caesar and I am going to bask you up if you ever get out of here and mike said I am Blackbeard the pirate and I remember frying you on my boat and I will fry you some more and then Ron came back with Charlie and they bought out the sandwiches and
Then Ron got the medications out of the room and gave one by one and Charlie said mate, I am cured, today I found out how to keep silent movies, so that means I am cured and Ron said you wish and gave out the rest of the medications and then clocked off and bought Chinese and went home watched TV and fell asleep in front of the box again
Sent from my iPhone
Cackling Mister Crow
Why do you make sport of me
Making fun of the very hand that feeds
You shop this yard at every morn for-
a free handful of cracked corn , relaxing atop
a public birdbath you've declared to be your very own
Tall pines to bask in the ten o'clock -
sun
Cool grass to hunt , hop , skip -
and run ....
Cackling Old Crow
You son-of-a-gun
Tromping through my garden for -
afternoon fun&shy; You're a pirate with wings
A thief that sings
Hiding in a blackberry thicket with -
easy pickings
Standing at the feeder , scaring my chickens ....
Goodnight Mister Crow
Find a tall oak to rest
This farm would not be the same -
without my favorite pest
Do crow's dream I oft wonder
Dreams of airborne pillage and -
plunder
Do not say that I'll depart tomorrow
because even today I still arrive.
Look deeply: I arrive in every second
to be a bud on a spring branch,
to be a tiny bird, with wings still fragile,
learning to sing in my new nest,
to be a caterpillar in the heart of a flower,
to be a jewel hiding itself in a stone.
I still arrive, in order to laugh and to cry,
in order to fear and to hope.
The rhythm of my heart is the birth and
death of all that are alive.
I am the mayfly metamorphosing on the surface of the river,
and I am the bird which, when spring comes, arrives in time
to eat the mayfly.
I am the frog swimming happily in the clear pond,
and I am also the grass-snake who, approaching in silence,
feeds itself on the frog.
I am the child in Uganda, all skin and bones,
my legs as thin as bamboo sticks,
and I am the arms merchant, selling deadly weapons to
Uganda.
I am the twelve-year-old girl, refugee on a small boat,
who throws herself into the ocean after being raped by a sea
pirate,
and I am the pirate, my heart not yet capable of seeing and
loving.
I am a member of the politburo, with plenty of power in my
hands,
and I am the man who has to pay his "debt of blood" to, my
people,
dying slowly in a forced labor camp.
My joy is like spring, so warm it makes flowers bloom in all
walks of life.
My pain is like a river of tears, so full it fills the four oceans.
Please call me by my true names,
so I can hear all my cries and laughs at once,
so I can see that my joy and pain are one.
Please call me by my true names,
so I can wake up,
and so the door of my heart can be left open,
the door of compassion.
Thich Nhat Hanh
An inkling
Dripping
From the tip of a quill.
It sways,
As deep oceans do,
On long journeys
To new worlds,
New lives.
But still
You send letters
In old bottles across the sea
Hoping they don't sink
Simply because you know
I'd love that kind of thing.
Persecution your honour
I breathe guilt
I bred lies
My suicidal innocent where are you?
Why have you left me hanging?
Truth why have I neglected your malicious teachings?
Have I none left?
Every staggering lie truer than the next
Inert emotions turned me into a female canine i confess
I am your Delilah Samson
Cutting off your strength strand by strand
Deceitful intent with every touch
Every kiss an Anaphylactic shock it may seem
Pray you say
Pray I said for I am the grim reaper herself
Dressed as an angel of life: A daemon I am
Wear that Armour Goliath
Because as tiny as David maybe he is still capable of turning you into a corpse
Dead!!
Hail oh hail, my sorrowful woes
Drift away from this shipwreck
I, a hypocrite the knight of terror...
Forgive me Lord for I have sin
The sin of lies rocks me on its back, sleepless horror, rescue him Lord
Truth, truth, truth ,truth repetition decays meaning
Floods of sorry cannot erode the stone shape hurt I have imposed upon your child
Toss and turn, toss and turn in Noahs flood...ark left you broken down
Repent I shall....
Trembling earthquake, forgive myself?
My discerning limbic...
Be mindful, my feelings are a catalyst in this reaction...unchanged
Proven by my cryogenic heart
THE CRYOGENIC HEART WHICH TREMBLES IN THIS ARID CLIMATE
WHERE THE HEAT OF CARING DEFIES CRYOTHERAPY
A CLIMATE OF SORROWFULNESS, DECEITWHY???
UNFORTUNATELY THERE IS NO THERAPY
BECAUSE THE IDES ARE COME
SOON TO BE GONE MAYBE
HOWEVER YET TO BE UNDERSTOOD
On weathered wings that float on high,
to fly rapidly across the tortured trails
that dot the sky,
she sings
of shipwrecks.
Feather light in flight,
beady eyes that scan the great
expanse,
and
Nature,
older than the seas, the trees and, yet man would
plan his recreation to destroy the one great
reservation.
She knows the singing wires that tell of things to come,
she knows the moon, the sun,
the rivers that run like veins across her skin and
under all of this
the badger burrows in, the fish learn how to swim,
shall we begin the end?
Julian Malek and JDM
Fragile egg-shell mind on dawns highway bleeding the segue between times traversed only in momentary dreams or in enduring excursions
We drag our droll and quaint 60s baggage like the luggage of a safari made of concrete girding a cavernous expanse of unheralded ground
With our ears oriented to the floor, we leap out of body never to deplore.never to ignore.never to miss the blue bus of our drafted imaginations, so carefully culled from brash elitism
I trounce the intervening time between being friendless and an ironic end, and an irenic comrade becoming the dearest amazed but always aplomb friend
We simper in our glorious traversal, and though bedraggled through an ornamented cavern we linger just long enough to be celebrated
Then a blues riff emanates from a vapid bar, and finally someone heralds my exhumed memory still rusty with the pavement of encased concrete on an empty or full tomb
So I wander in my mind to that roughshod Paris glassy tincture a romanticized gild of proper sensibility crafted in the tongues of lizards emulating the tongues of serpentine Anglicans
As the power of love transcends the love of power, both are afforded serendipitously upon the stately occasion of a fitful revolt where heads literally rolled and deaths still unfurl from the slippage of a violent malevolent eternity, crafting a new creative way to expedite the smite of preventable scourge
So Jim, I see your picaresque side and your wide-eyed love for a listless ship anointed of a crystal blip just detectable long enough on RADAR to become the statistic to crack the slim WHIP
No wigs are needed at this formality, no figs grow from trees forty-five years buried and almost a full month unsung
Pitiable cretins of an invented insanity, they scoff at my ravenous and portentous heart for its excess and for aligning with an upstart verging on only a specious insanity
Why in all humanity could a month be mustered with every defense of history and yet for it to be so widely flouted as a risible exercise in futility
The irony that the artistic glamor of a past vogue becoming a revival that is often toked only to one song but never to the memorial of great cavernous and commodious imaginations, staggers with dismay where otherwise the mayday would be a disaster but still a great day
Then I look at a triggered-fingered omen of a death so ominous yet so brazenly confronted as the ambassadors of time provide plaudits to a fearless martyrdom
Why such a sad spate, why such a stringent but malevolent fate a malediction on a family whose crest is not crestfallen like rolling waves but ornamented with gravity impounding its own weight
A fugacious tomb, an eternal flame, a swan song announcing an independent authority on a prescient demise mashed and deprived
A single shot rippling through the broadened space between clasped eternity and a histrionic disgrace as a psychological confederate pays lip service to a reiterative applause
A cousin hardly American in a defected record of incendiary plumes of a hoarse hatred of waxen discs and flying discs alike,climbs out of a bonfire mounted purely out of vindictive spite
Then upon a great white buffalo a wrapped package of Californian love before California ever alighted like something beyond an avaricious dove, saw a rocky park and a hearth of illuminated darkness the singular spark
Captain Morgan knows the jackknife applause of a botched deal morphing into a disbelieved spiel. A shibboleth of enormous mystical weight crashing down from an ethereal abode and heaven heavily saddened cannot hardly appeal
Then a loving spoonful of crystal blue persuasion led me to Ethels regimented keepsake and for once in my life nobility and I became a grateful waif. But temerity laughed, splintered spacecraft, and the wooden paws of a bearish applause led to resurgent clarity
Blinking stars shattered by knighted and raw applause punctured the liberated might of a sentient hortatory savior grasped by the internecine wrench of a waxen time
An indie track slides by unnoticed in an aleatory time, and the threadbare whine of centuries of lament becomes a dastardly barn set ablaze with the fury of ancients and the scurry of faineant patents
Perfidy slides in recess, and in gentle forbearance the winged angel lingers like a halo on conifer and spring above a remedial ring
I dial frisky celerity tingling the dangling claws of a ravens screed and in plunder of all historys pilfer secrets I eagerly weave a tapestry Indiana Jones himself would be proud to watch
Not the riotous ruin of a mystery tour of verdure crippled by genocide but overcome by the revived life of raised rain razing the moments of indelible pain
But the culmination of a proffered time taken at its word for its every careened bird, for its every brazen gird. The manger of proctored stars calls us home tonight and home forever. Life in quaked timorous stumbles suddenly no longer so fitfully absurd.
The quixotic plundered of pirates and emperors in direct emulation of some crooned pastiche of whittled integrity, surges above any encased blurb and any vain testament to a pyramid rigid in destiny and ragged in desultory and sturdy sincerity
Multiplying the ineffable by the division of arable divorced from edible is too creative to be eaten as pabulum when sparks curdle flickered moonlight crimson and that become golden only to the last laugh of ennobled ragamuffins
Frankly the desert of melliferous gorillas abetting the lark of a heavily vetted camarilla engaged in the sinecure of a rigged wall on a main street to block the tall from the lame bleat. Stocks grazed, costs engaged on a littoral beach at the end of a Bossy promenade
This prayer is a cutthroat collapse of a merry spare, a ribbed condom waiting to plunge into the antithesis of female despair, but sincere in its restraint that vixens courted in love arent courted in litigation of a wagered dare
Ambulances chase Deloreans through the desolate moon-stricken skies of a time agape with fleets of phantasmagoria on a Cliffside too wise to ever mince words or excise cries
Skulking the red-teared caverns of entombed films and lampooned tinctures on a passion vetted only for certain and utter deracinated disguise, I wallop with winged men in a single soul armed to the teeth with inveterate tithes to eternal internments of poached and endangered gazettes
As growth older in wizened skin bets on epithets rather than epitaphs for rinsed peace and triumphant clefts we leap above in orbit of only the bellowing nether of blown tolls and untold souls aggregating the esoteric grasp of Alexandrian tomes
The denumeration of certainty is a carousel of wonder, a splurge of time ripped asunder with majesties of paparazzi scuttled impacts a throttled iniquity of regalias indicted blunder frenchified but still clean with inestimable sheens
With twenty-five dollars, a dime an assist and a nickeled reiteration of currency already so personable it is divine and sublime in crazed desist I watch the embroiled natives clash in denatured violence with the warriors of a crossed repast hearkening to an old land much of ire but too much of grandstand to ultimately last
Itching for a holy field husk of peerless ties listed as rumpus and beer, a two-packed smoked by bludgeoned blokes careless in irascible sputters of a muffled doom, a Vegan becomes the author of too many sacrosanct homilies becoming defiled witchcraft brooms dead on arrival too many lionized tombs
In plaudits and the scause of an amplified what if? of an olfactory nightmare of petrified fog of effluvium bogged in Wade and in heat it is always clogged, sinewy libations of toasted preemptive revenge become a powerballed hog
A castle in the sky founded on Franklin but scourged of wineskins brimming with a distilled time, a swift repartee becomes the whispered ladder of saints blather becoming not rather other than a Dan Rather spatter
A door breeched by a broached inconvenience of amphigory beyond common reach, I clamber excess and whisk the lingered love into destiny beyond any word other than a beseeched preach of nothing tired but everything inspired of noble love with abundance often to teach
Fireworks of turned tides of fallow tithes to aliens beyond any conceivable bribe the bushwhacker writhes but survives staying alive without even a hint of garbled jive a 27th floor glass elevator is quite a resplendent ride
Wellsprings knowing radical rolled tides of errant dice also themselves guilty of confessional tithes to the monolith of avarice at the nooked cranny of an evaporated time we whine as the police sting the album rained with songs too lugubrious to sing but in their elegy every lonely heart has a propinquity phone of souled resonance ring
Iterative mastery of a mathematics of love, loss decay and the dross of a dental Occidental floss, the sweep of screened queues become questions of inestimable importance to foreign dues on a horse with no name but so consumed with fumes
A fright occultist thriller prowls in a waylaying daylight, masquerading an innocent confection for a rescued triage of a dawn stabbed with knives in our last dying days of trembled plight
He resurrects only the wraiths of detest, squinted at by the putrefaction of summoned cardiac arrest and littered with bullets that somehow can penetrate even impregnable bullet proof vests the wrapped carcass of the mummified husk of ready despair offers itself a ghoulish and raspy prayer
Synchronized in a low roaring swathe of rollercoasters too immersive to ride, the terpsichorean obscurantism of deliberately shattered fragments becoming blurbs dismissed with hijacked deride the carnival of a summer sun becomes the ocean of limitless love becoming endless fun
We forget the drawl of the droll old tales that haunt like specters in the closet and beneath the bedridden valetudinarian of an effrontery of shackled fright, we sprawl the innumerable caverns of prophetic insight afforded by the pantheon of history enter stage left, depart stage right
And with their insight I write and write, I grasp the tusk of democracy and wage an insurrection against the doubt of plodding limitations in otherwise immaculate sight
Sex and tyrannosaurus rex, of litigable offenses leading to pardonable arrests, the gated entryway of a poetic splurge leads to the demiurge of a demotic enlightenment and suddenly the frank becomes the frazzled retirement and that haunting hounding bunny transmogrified by a shattered eye averts the car crash that careens ponderous engines out of limitless twilight blue skies.
Diamond lightning in pristine skies escorts the telegraphic totems of riddled modems from 1967 to 2016 and suddenly all venerable personages converge on a teeming scene of a union unified by a universal dream. To become everything and yet nothing and out of light and darkness to become a beatific beam
-----Dedicated to T.S.
I used to want to be a princess
Now I want to be a pirate
Wild and free, master of the sea
No longer demure and quiet
I thought - Oh, to be a princess!
Hair long, limbs soft with grace
Beauty and poise, (and so grandiose)
Life perfect, and firmly set in place
Im patient good, and moral
Would never <em>dream</em> of running wild
You wouldnt understand, dear,
And Im trapped, a perpetual child
But adoration begins to get cloying
Worship - quick to condescend
Lofty voices in discussion around me
I sit; wait for it to end
So instead I shall take to the sea
I wont care if they dont like it
Ill want what I want when I want it
Because thats the life of a pirate
Illbe riding the seas
However I please
All of my own accord
Ill have an open mouthed laugh
And how theyll all gasp
While my eyes flash in reckless abandon
(I <em>used</em> to want to be a princess
Now I want to be a <em>pirate</em>
Wild and free, master of the sea
No longer
demure and
<em>quiet</em>)
Maps drawn with lines and Xs
Marking the spots of interest,
<strong>Treasure.</strong>
Ive drawn a map on my body
with lines of scars, scabs, and blood.
The spots of interest being my
<em>Mind, Heart, and Soul</em>
all parts of my body,
marked with an X each.
Which one holds the treasure,
the desire to live?
The search continues,
following the lines
and braving the sea.
Taking over ports and other ships
just to find the happiness
I might hold inside.
You're off again
and I'm left with residues
like fingerprints on a frosty window
I see bubbles everywhere
all too temporary
awaiting their rapid deaths
you're part of the transparent clique
glistening - unavailable
another noiseless vanish
(her name washes up on the shore
my private shipwreck
except I'm not the only one
who knows
there's no blue smudge on my thumb
from where she spilt her breath
blossoms elsewhere
stop yourself before the vowels
bleed through)
and you choke on the smoke
of your past
(Erica went into her room to rest. Geraldine and Carla started to read the journal they had found in the box.)
He left England with a ship and sailed east until he reached
Portugal; then, he took a stagecoach and traveled to Venice.
He was in danger of highwaymen who couldn't be impeached.
His coach had a high speed, cause those men could become a menace.
He had made a gold deposit at a goldsmith, who gave him
Some receipts to exchange them with money at the British bank.
Then, he traveled through Europe choosing those pathways which were dim.
There, he missed London and its air being restless and dank.
He achieved knowledge of the Europe major languages.
He was seemingly traveling at his own expense,
Covered, by his own account; in fact, he carried messages,
And any of his messages had an important sense.
He traveled as merchant bringing drugs, rare books, and some
Exotic commodities like pine nuts, pistachios, and coffee
From the Royal Exchange instead of waiting a false peace to come.
In London, his luxury shops looked like covered in toffee.
(In her room, Erica started to read the document written in the Russian language. It was one of the most fragrant, pleasant smell papers she ever had in her hands. The person owning that document was a Russian one living in London.)
This document was also a letter from the Surveyor
Of the Royal Exchange, to an Indian official asking
Him help to buy some new shops in India; the payer
Could reveal the understanding of the retail shopping.
(Geraldine continued to read from his journal written in the Russian language.)
The man described the luxury life of the British elite,
His grand house, which had been built in the rich west of London,
And his horse-drawn carriage used for rides on the main street.
He wanted lead pipes for his house as any rich Londoner.
(Erica continued to read the document.)
That paper had an annexed one about the gold needed
To help a noble lady forced to spend the rest of her life
As a penniless nun; her words about freedom were heeded.
Imprisoned as a nun, she was, in fact, an abandoned wife.
The gold was brought with a ship that should anchor in that place.
Ivan was the liaison with that man and had to take that gold
To pay the lady's freedom; tears appeared upon Ericas face.
Ivan caused the deviation from the ship's course as he was told.
He didn't know that the carrack had been hunted by some pirates.
Erica realized that the merchant had died, but she
Did not know whether the gold had been stolen or not, those bandits
Were still around having the link letter; she fell down on her knees
To pray for her life; she understood that the ex-husband
Of that lady could torture them to death for having plotted
Against him; she prayed while needing to be many thousand
Miles away and while looking at the hill with olives dotted.
(Erica burned the document.)
(Geraldine became meditative and told Carla,)
''These treatises generate some ideas of magnificence
And splendor; the luxury is realized with the skilled
Workers and the specialized knowledge, '' the extravagance
Of these books is declined by the wars, where the life is killed, ''
(Replied Carla. She continued,)
'' These wars bring the decline of retailing, the stagnation
Of building, and the disappearance of a real
Art market, '' ''They use all the methods to fight for their nation
On the waters to protect the land; their strife is a squeal, ''
(Replied Geraldine. Maya entered the room to invite them to dinner. She said that she had seen someone having two dogs and walking around. Suddenly, Geraldine said,  I think I give birth to my child now. I have a sharp pain. Im so afraid! )
(..To be continued.)
Poem by Marieta Maglas)
Scraped up knees
And muddy boots;
Denim overalls
And the bow she shoots.
Shes known for climbing trees
And running loose;
Facing adventure with ease,
And putting her imagination to good use.
A little girl in a Big Boys world,
She always knew she didnt fit in.
Trying to be like other girls felt like wearing somebody elses skin.
Shed tried donning dresses, tried keeping her hair softly curled,
But felt much more comfortable as a cowboy with a bottle of gin,
Or as Bilbo Baggins long-lost twin.
Daddy never called her Princess,
Never referred to her as Doll.
Not because He saw her as anything less
Because He knew she wouldnt like that at all!
Shed never been your typical Damsel in Distress,
Never needed a Prince to climb any tower wall.
There was never a Knight in Shining Armor who could impress
Shed leap from the tower herself, even if it meant a painful fall!
Princesses dont see enough action,
She always would insist,
Theyre prissy and boring and helpless,
And always waiting around to be kissed!
I need adventure and excitement to be my distraction.
What others think, I couldnt care less;
I dont need a man in order to exist!
Daddy always knew she wasnt like the other girls,
But that she was happy with who she was.
He never saw her differences
As any sort of flaws.
Never would he exchange her boots and flannels
For the typical lace and pearls.
She was wonderfully perfect;
Her quirks never gave Him pause.
In fact, He loved them,
Celebrating them with boisterous and adoring applause.
She would much rather be a Pirate Captain,
Sailing the seven seas,
Than a maiden dressed in satin
Who startles at the sound of a sneeze.
Her heart was that of an Elven Warrior,
Renowned for her bravery and strength.
Unlike a princess who balked in horror
When faced with a difficulty of any length.
She was made to be a Viking Hero
Who helped save her country at war,
Not a foolish damsel whose experience is zero,
And who faints at the thought of gore.
A Superhero who battles against evil
And rescues this world from certain doom
Was much more appealing than a ballerina regal
Who sits waiting for her groom.
Even a Jedi Knight who dies in battle
Was a much better fate
Than that of the Queen of a castle
Who never steps beyond her front gate.
A zombie slayer, a vampire hunter
Thats who she was, and wanted to be!
A princess average luxury and luster
Didnt fit her adventurous fantasy.
She was a unique treasure, something rarely found,
And to be clumped in with all the rest would be to see her spirit bound.
The only Princess shed ever been
Was a Space Princess who could hold her own.
Pink was never a color shed be willingly caught in,
And she refused to become just another basic girl clone.
Daddy loved her different, and held her differently.
He wanted her to know that she was cherished,
And that He was always listening intently.
He would never call her Princess,
For shed feel her dreams had perished,
So instead He called her Captain,
Speaking to her ever-so gently.
If she wanted to be a Pirate,
She knew she was free to be.
If today she chose the life of a Paladin,
She always knew her Daddy would see.
If she desired to become a zombie-fighting tyrant,
Daddy asked if he could join her team.
Hed help her train as a bow-wielding assassin,
And push her to be the best that she could be.
He would never change her
Or make her into something she was not.
He would meet her where she was,
And by His example, she was always taught
To be comfortable with who she was, and to always be sure
That what she did was done with excellence,
And to give everything honest thought,
So the battles she fought were always for the highest cause.
Pirates he said
I love pirates
so I suggested to him that we be
accident-prone together
whispering meaningless words
in the dark for eternities
told me he doesn't have time for sweet nothings
Obviously, I replied
we could just share stolen conversations
teach me your science
and I'll paint our world red
all the fiery colors of Autumn coming
Show you mine and show me yours
a book- diary of hand written notes
bind us in temporary bliss
Children playing in an adults world
Young adults pretending to be kids
look at us-
caught in this insomnia
it won't last forever
We can sleep in the warmth of the rising sun
but for now we'll be immortal and rebel
against our drooping eyelids
as though it is soromantic -
to do nothing and give it all our meaning
Lonely I am on the sea desert
Abundant food, drink and dessert
But I cant eat, drink nor rest
Because theres no shoulder to rest
Beautiful sunshine I see
Soothing wind blow I feel
My companion cant see
A wonder touch cant feel
We came in two, thus me and you
Wouldnt have come without you
To be with mum, dad and Jule
Playing cards, chess and cue
Now that you brought me here
Please dont leave me alone
The lonely darkly night Ill fear
Scary sounds of whispering tone
A bird appears to give company
The pirate from sea to give me money
I let them go to leave me lonely
For what I know you are my only
In desert sand my feet drown
Hands are stretched but yours down
On reaching you, youre far away
I want you back for just today
I am afraid, its getting dark
Wind blowing me away to the shark
No food no water, skin start to crack
Watching me dying, your mind is black
Im running after you
Because we came in two
You cant leave me blue
For heart to break in two
BY: SAMUEL FOSU SARPONG
Sitting here in the ruins of my life,
the future i foresee;
A chequerboard of black and white,
no middle ground to be.
These questions and expectations,
surround me like the seas;
I'm lost with no lighthouse in sight,
no one will hear my pleas.
I need to know what I've done wrong,
so i can hide the flaws;
Without locking down my whole soul,
closed up behind these walls.
I'm not a ship on the ocean,
but a shipwreck beneath;
i'm not a man on the tower,
but one who's off the cliff.
Hey kid lets do something different
Lets save a library
What do you think?
Will you like to Go and
Spend some time there?
<strong>Books love kids, did you know that?
And the kids who read all kinds of books
Are loved the most</strong>
<strong>And the kids who share stories with their friends
And take them to library are rewarded the most</strong>
For nothing absolutely nothing
Can replace a book
Have you ever smelled a book?
Which one smells better,
a new book or an old book?

Did you know that if you keep your favourite book,
Near your pillow at the night
All those who live in the books come alive,
Just to guard you and protect you!
Books are portals to magical world
They can sing, they can dance, and even talk to us,
But to see all that you really really really
have to believe in magic.
No computeror Television can bring a book down
For a book has a much stronger crown
A library is a garden of books
And only our love for books can save it from the doom
And who knows in which shelf of the library
You will meet that magical book,
That will tell you all about,
The king and his men and
their battle against the giant spiders

And the fairies who fought
With demons and saved the child
And the evil witch with her cauldron full of spells
<strong>Bubble trouble bubble double and boom!</strong>

And the mountain rock and the mile stone
And why they could never be friends
And have you not heard of the story of Cinderella,
Do you know she loves kids who read about her in books!
And the story of an elephant and a monkey
And a snake who became the best of friends
This goes to prove any one can be your friend
If you really want them to be
And welcome them with open arms

And the pirates of the red sea
Who found a big treasure trove in a faraway land?
And they had to fight with the big snake with a dozen heads
<strong>(HEY WHO DO YOU THINK IS A DOZEN?
ELEVENS ELDER SISTER, OR FOURS DISTANT COUSIN?)</strong>
But the pirates could not take it with them
As the sea was rough,
Hidden under a tree is the map to that island
And if you plant enough trees
One day they will tell you where
And of course who doesnt know the story of the horse
that ran so fast that he revolved around the sun in just 260 days!
<strong>How much time do you think the earth takes?</strong>
And do you know what the little pony said when he coughed
Did he say he was a little horse or hoarse?

But before you go to the book of knowledge section
Check your hands
They really do not want anyone to touch them
With hands full of germs
But then every book loves clean hand
I know so because once poodle doodle noodle doo
Scolded me for eating while reading them

And do you know in the last shelf somewhere is a very dangerous book
Do not open or read it without help of the wise
In it lives a demon in an angels disguise
I forgot the name but you can go there ask
For the books on demons (in a hush hush tone)
For you never know how many of the demons spies
Are in the books around

**Do you not hear the books from the libraries calling you?
They want to be your friend,
Will you?
Your fingerprints are my reward
Like a pirates treasured hoard
Trophies I yearn to earn
Hand and skin do adjourn
White areas unexplored
From time to time
I go walking down
some river or another
when the moon
wears a patch
over his left eye
like a pirate
in tall boots
thinking of the black
fumes of my dreams
and half under water
there's a chimney
driftwood, broken
oars and lost lures
floating in the flue
the current drawing
them up the fireplace
like smoke, standing
alone like a stone
tree, the house
burned long before
the river rose, still
I walk down
the levee, like
a high grave raised
for a pharaoh
I keep coming down
them talking
to the night
holding both arms
before me sleepwalking.
Chicago, where the rails become streets,
where the wind winds around corners to double tier trains that rain down with thunder below
cloudbursts of snow and slow traffic
Chicago, where cars and trucks stop at lights on the bridges, resting wheels on wet tarmac and men pass by wearing cagoules and flat caps: bohemian grandparents on northern fronts.
Chicago, where every building is a flat iron or a pencil windowed and widowed of safety net architecture,I look up from the window and flutter as she does, the suicide shipwreck standing atop a roof looking up and falling down, into river and rail track wakes.
If the dial-up allows it and this note finds its way through the orchestra, let me tell you this:
<strong>*You look lovely in your flower tattooed white dress.</strong>
I shall write aboutyou until you read about yourself and smile, the rest has
been thrown into the wind and has come to settle in the tidal flow, sit tight and see where it goes.
I woke up on a ship upon the sea ,
Thinking I had finally found my sailor.
You had maps drawn with lines and X's marking spots of interest,
And I thought I was your favorite treasure.
Romanced me from land to sea, but turns out you are just another pirate looting girls hearts for pleasure.
Capsized, we've been hit, and you abandon ship,
And I abandon my anxious breath.
Drowning in emotions I become swallowed in the waves of tears.
OLD AGE is a SHIPWRECK<em>
Charles de Gaulle
Some boats sink themselves slightly in order to
sleepthey awake with grog hangovers, leaning against
rocks, tillers askew as sea is softened by golden dawn.
The boom swung, tipsily; when the drowsy sail
was hoisted it groaned: *auxiliary!</em> Poking its prow
through the greybeards, the cutter then gathered pace,
parting plungers and apologetic waves as it cast off,
taking leave of the harbour in a cloud of spindrift.
The sail was slumped dizzily on the once-strong
shoulders of the mastit sighs for its sorry spar and
state, remembering arduous journeys on seas of glass,
but no one dares say how conifer bark rains down in
flakes when it sleeps. The signal lamp, once brilliantly
bright, fraternising with the stars each night, is now
outshone by the eyes of abyssal creatures; see it
wrapped up in a pea jacket, perched on the yardarm.
On the weatherdeck mop and bucket are talking
scuttlebutt and canonising shipwreckless legends of the
pastwhen the laughter stops, and the deployment of
nets, perhaps they stop to think <em>why,</em> and <em>sloppy work</em>
and <em>holystone</em> and, <em>sky</em>
<em>Kittee-wa-aaake, kitte-wa-aaake</em>looking for a
school of fish whilst, in their numbers, orbiting the
vessel in an ellipsis; suspicious eyes on our walty
cutter and its measly midday catch. Tragic wrecks of
birds and ships alike, who is to sayto draw the lines
and make divisions of sea and bird and wood? Birds in
their collective strength move like waves, how they
could carry ships! This one is anchored fast, riding it
out as if a storm. But this collective strength, these
birds with villainous intent nip at the weather-worn
fishing nets and lines and a few crabs are lifted. The
barnacles sleep, nightmare visions of keelhaulingwho
knew they had such wounds to heal?forgotten
underneath in the darkness, they are plucked from their
shells by beaks regardless.
Back at the harbour the boat and its weary flanks and
planks and parts and hollow and hull are comfortably
submerged and sleep. The sun is sinking too it seems,
melting on the tongue of the sea. The broken-backed
vessel, dead doors shut, sail folded, mast
unencumbered. The signal lamp, intimidated and
outnumbered by the many who are brighter in the sky
with light years in their eyes, it decides to sleep out
and keep check for the night for the crows in their
murders covet nesting spots on board.
Splinters and vibrating minutes and the bitter end,
perturbed by the day of eddies and unseen internal
waves, nipped by the endless Kittiwake, they are
consulting compasses for the correct hour
but no response, just the obviousness of the moon,
even from fathoms down and not a whisper.
As in every dark night here there is no silence for the
utterance of water and rustling of stars. You can hear
Sargasso weed dreaming, after hundreds of years afloat
without making root, dreaming of something better or
at last nothing at all. And in every creak of wood there
is a year of bad weather. And within the strength of
every bird is an empty stomach and a restlessness of
wings. In every decomposing fishing net theres an
echo of vengeance, heard beneath the ringing of a bell
on the harbour. And in every compass there is a needle
tirelessly at work, endlessly referring to the stars
The red-tipped needle in its binnacle tower
confused it still spins and swirls
and in every skiff, freshly built or sea-worn and sore,
there is always a desire it will never speak of:
to
dive
for
pearls
on the ocean floor.
We ate eggs
And layed in bed
And fucked
Whilst looking
At the view
Nothing to do
Other than stare
And care
Captured
And fulfilled
Within each others eyes.
Oysters
And bomb-diving
Seagulls
And Scissor for hands
Without any sound.
Kodak moments
And dressups
Like cowboy
Dapper dans
And pomenade.
Coffee and Belgium beer bars
And pirates with patches for eyes.
Silver trayed room service
And a mat for our feet at the side
Of our bed.
And daddys boy
With a cammo cock
Underneath
A Cheshire grin
And for five
Short hours
We walked
And talked
And were kept
Enthralled
By the allure
Of retail
Therapy
We accessorised
As if fashion
Were to cease tomorrow
Silver and tins
And etchings in time.
Then tie pins and scarves
And hats with wide brims.
We were lost
In a city of
Bright lights
And street art
And didgeredos
And bag ladies with more
Luggage
Than Sydney international terminal.
Bell boys
And valet
And privacy lights
Respite and
2 nights
of enjoying each day
from the
25th floor
In a old house far from the jersy shore.
Ghouls gather for in a vancant house.
For a birthday party and something more.
Pirates and she devils elviraa mummy or two.
They awoke some old demons.
Playing games over some witches brew.
But some things are better left alone.
Trapped in the barbwireso obscene.
They choose to raise some hell can someone text save us
on there cellphone.
The head cheerleader is now tonights top scream queen.
Nowhere to run there fighting shadows pleading for light.
It's a hell of a party.
A cake with many lit fingersthe demon wishes
you a happy bloody birthday tonight.
Scream and cry and pray to see tommorow.
Drink the witches brew.
And drown in the endless sorrow.
All victems are welcome no need for a invite.
deep in the woods its the perfect party spot.
For a demonic birthday night.
I dreamed
there was a evil man
searching for wealth
beyond all riches
hidden in the hardened
sculpture of a woman
there was a hero too
I could not see his face
he journeyed to a sacred cave
to guard the precious treasure
he climbed inside
the statue's hollow center
and held the treasure to his chest
where it radiated
with such intensity
he had to close his eyes
it gently pulsed in his hands
calming the anxiousness
leaching sour
in his throat
the villain
shrouded black
entered the cave
a belligerent pirate
yelling obscenities
<em>where are you bitch?
when I find you, you'll be sorry
you think you can hide from me?
no one will ever love you
the way that I do</em>
his craven hunger upon seeing
the lost prize glowing heavenly
beneath sapphire stalactites
left this dreamer cold
he began to tear
at the sculpture's breasts
with hands encased in forged steel
spiked fingernails slicing
until shimmering gold bloomed
in the statue's chest
zealously the villain tore deeper
molten yellow dripped
from his over-eager fingers
when suddenly from the center
came a flash of scorching fire
the villain dissolved to ash
without a single sound
the hero too transformed
into a luminous bird
not unlike a phoenix
he shook fresh wings
flexed honed talons
raised his crested head
and from hooked beak
there came a sound
like a choir of voices singing
the hero flapped three times
and soared out of the cavern
into the bluest sky
I'd ever seen
I'm the paper man
I witnessed you drop your papers
And refused to help
Because I'm a rolling paper
I'm never stationary
When I float in paper planes
My life starts tearing
When your presence equals pain
For I only saw you
With my paper view
We couldn't be two
When you're pay-per-view
I live a paper life
When the date never leaves the calendar
And people enjoy the satisfaction of cutting me
Like I'm construction paper
So I build to block them away
My face becomes paper mache
Searching for another way
I found relief in a bottle in a paper bag
It wasn't long until I saw the red flags
In the government serving me my papers
Even though I denounced them as takers
They kept pushing paper
My life regimented by municipalities
Burying me in paperwork
Like the employment I attained
To make my life spill off the page
And bleed into your's
Otherwise
Life's a paper chore
And the pirates keep stealing papyrus
That's alright
I've become the paper King Midas
Dinner is served!
Forks placed,
Napkins set
The chef has cooked for an army times three
And were even using the antique dinette
Runners take your marks
Get ready and set
A hurricanes a coming
Gamblers go and place your bets
My family when reuniting
Is cataclysmic at best
A flood of faces whip and zoom by
I notice cousin it and wolf man starring barbarically at the pies
Dr. Seuss children
Thing one and thing two
Take to the flinging of mashed potatoes
Better this than launching poo
Most of us dodge the flying clouds easily
Frankenstein ducks fast and tight
A gravy train curve ball impales my cheek
I stand up slowly and remove my potato face
Everyone backs up to give me some space
The blue haired gremlins snicker in dismay
Glance masks of sheer terror
As I march my wrath their way
the king is gonna getcha
the king is gonna getcha
They sarcastically shiver
But jump from their skin when I boom,
And it aint gonna be pretty, now let me paint the picture
Go back to your kiddy cribs
Cant even chew a salted meat
You say you have a green card
But you have no real receipt
They both tremble with fear
So go retreat to kiddy land
Do you need me to hold your hand?
Its okay you might get lost
This world is a hot mess
So try not to burst your eardrums
Or regurgitate spaghetti
My lyrics ll burn your throat raw
Just ask your cousin yeti
Know me by my name Im the shepherd of fire
Spitting chariots of flame
Nightmares fear my attire
So dont go and get it twisted ,Ill break your jaw
Youll be reduced to spitting lyrics through a crazy straw
Liquid rhyming riffs
Youd be an official pirate, setting out on your sail ships
Slippin and slidin
Pass Davey Jones a mike
And this is what hell tell ya
That Ive been blessed with your curse
This kids gotta serpents tongue
Aw you wanna leave already?
What for?
This turkeys feathers are prematurely burned
But if my flames are too hot for you to handle
Step back and recover
Your ears are close to charbroiled so seek shelter take cover
I exhale molten bars
From sons and daughters, to mothers and fathers
My blazing campaign and my slogan thats fire
Me myself and I, Only crew I would hire
So who am I?
I am me!
Who am I?
The mc!
So sit down, hush it up
And call me the pumpkin king!!!
Mayday, my ship is slowly sinking.
Crushed and then consumed by these merciless waters called your lies.
Your apologies came in like the Kraken, destroying every evidence of life.
But I was safe inside my cabin because you know;
the captain is supposed to go down with the ship.<em>
<strong></strong></em><strong>And so I did.<em></em></strong><em>
</em>Now I am just a skeleton with pointless memories,
resting at the obscure ocean bottom with my shipwreck.
A runner off before the gun , my hands tied behind my back
i made my way into the dark crevices of myself.
I turned my back on the outer world not to emerge until
id seen what was lurking in the shadows.
Demons. I walked into their ranks and told them to tear me apart. I watched it all My blood spilt into the torrents of rain.Once they were done. all that was left was my eyes.
They are blacker than before, but with a hint of starshine in them now
Whilst the deamons went to wash themselves and get a pint before closing time..
I took alook around this new landscape.
The signs i was always looking for were all around me. in every single thing i happened to see.and every unexpected turn i took looking around that town led me to new and brighter , bolder and almost iridecent signs untill the signs became me and i became the signs.
Thats when i began to dance , and dance i did. I danced with the devil and and fox trotted with the angels, we spun on the wheels of great time leaving all the business of past , present , future behind. we existed only in the swish of a skirt or the click of the heel..we were pirates of the cosmic tides , we knew only the ocean , never to set foot on land again. Unless, it was the island. The island where seven days a week i could just bask in the sunshine that is your smile, where only the surreal existed.
how it feels to be more than a hundred days with you
how it feels to be in a thousand hours beside you
how it feels to be in a thousand moments of talking to you
and an infinite seconds of loving you
your scent which i smell every time i wake up
the warm hug that forever keeps me comfortable
<em>how it feels to be the one loved by you</em>
and the tangled moments i had shared with you
remembering the days when we were walking
at the place which we really loved to go
where the afternoon grace surrounds us
with the trees and flowers around us
how you used to kiss my forehead, and tell me <em>how's your day?</em>
and * i'm fine, okay* are the one that i can say
how you used to pick yellow flowers for me
and putting it behind my ears whispering <em>i am so lucky</em>
how we used to point on mansions or even houses that looked like castles
and say <em>hey babe i want that someday</em>
how we used to watch an old woman paint in her porch
the feeling of looking forward to something with you
how we used to dance in the rain and even kiss
letting me borrow your blue sweatshirt makes me feel safe
under the yellow bells of trees in the street
you told me <em>everything's going to be alright, baby</em>
how we used to sing our favorite song
saying <em>lucky to be coming home someday</em>
i know because the feeling of looking within your eyes
<em>i feel home</em>
how we used to held our hands without speaking
how we used to tell each other's dream
young love as they say
but i know <em>this is real</em>
how we used to lay down after a busy day
feeling each other's warm body
the feeling beside you after a long day makes me powerful again
because of the love that runs through our veins
how we used to have dinner, in a fine restaurant near our home
how we used to sit below the pirate displays
asking me <em>are you happy with this?</em>
i wanted to tell you that <em>i am happy with everything</em>
you and i may not have the perfect relationship which every one can think of
<em>but i know it's real</em>
*b.a
Your eyes,
blue as the sky,
soft as the clouds.
A palette of shades
layered like spiralled
concentric circles.
They overlap
like waves
softy crashing
within the glittery sea.
They draw me into
the warm, comforting water.
They're fun,
and busy
like summers
and colours
and timeless days
where the present
does not acknowledge
the past or the future.
Your eyes,
fun as the sea,
blue as the clear water,
make me feel comfortable,
safe and secure.
As I soak in their freedom,
I feel the rush
of the sea
spreading through
my body,
my heart,
my soul,
my feelings for you.
Your eyes are as
beautiful as the sea.
But your eyes,
deep as the ocean,
dark and dangerous
as its depth,
they pick me apart
and vandalise me.
They scare me,
hurt me,
confuse me,
and disgust me.
I hate being picked apart
by the whirlpools of your eyes.
Stop them from
spinning my emotions
round, and round
and round.
They throw me into
a wave of evil,
plunging me to
my shipwreck of a heart
and watching me
sink, all the way
to my deepest of fears.
Blink.
The ocean washes over me
and I float into a beautifully
blue sea.
The change of setting
confuses me, because
your eyes continue
to control me still.
I stare into
your eyes,
diving into
the countless shades
of blue, as I realise:
The ocean is much more powerful
than the sea.
AND HE SAID
come with me
AND I SAID
where?
and he softly sighed
AND HE SAID
come with me
AND I SAID
when?
and he sadly cried
AND HE SAID
come with me
AND I SAID
why?
and thus he "died"
AND SO THEY WENT OFF TOGETHER
THE PIRATE AND HIS LOVER
THE PIRATE AND HIS LOVER
ALL ALONE
and now it's i who seek them
the pirate and his lover
in the streets of far-off places
the pirate and his lover
on my own
love is a rocky shore.
calling out into the silence; faraway voices echoing.
ghosts of former warmth bring frigid desire.
the ivory waves at dawn, crashing over the horizon,
reaching for the remote lighthouse, shining rays into the ebony dusk.
salt up to her ankles, lithe limbs floating in the dark sea
overcast skies clouding lungs
petrichor-graced senses, lingering like his aftershave.
nostalgic longing tears at her heartstrings,
her psyche burning for his presence.
brooding in silence,
he stares at his hands in reminiscence;
his fate had always aligned with hers.
on the brink of shipwreck,
letting go has never been his fort
love is a rocky shore.
inhale the crisp november air,
exhale the distance from heartbeat to heartbeat.
fall for the uneven surfaces
and the tragic beauty that comes with high tide.
you, my dear:
weighed heavily
on my heart today;
your sadness
blanketed me,
and encompassed
everything,
that had led us
astray:
the drunken
bath tub shipwreck,
and the cracking
of our compasses.
what maladies
only a year adrift could bring?
but you
having appeared before
like a bottle
that had washed ashore
sent by the sea
with a script
so often read,
that my eyes
would sore
over and over
once again,
with hopes
they were addressed,
just to me and my absence.
pulling apart every vowel
with deeper hopes
to pick apart
their meaning.
but between
your words,
and between
you and i,
and the half-filled emptiness
of our loose leaf lives,
i've heard
these tack-hung pictures tell:
of your voyages
and the other captains,
bound for hell.
and so
i sent this note
and map, in faith, afloat.
to help navigate
your journey back.
and though
today you did not ask
me for a raft
or for the truth:
yes,
even on dry land
i still hold my breath
for you.
If this prison of a heart could ever be unlocked she would be the key.
She's purest of joy I've ever known,
The goddess of love.
cupids dance at the edges of her heart, allergic to lies honesty is her pride.
Suffocated by ropes of sorrows, she untied them and climb to lands of joy.
Her smile awakens the smell of roses, an inspiration for poets to compose with sincerity.
She's clearity in fogs of uncertainty.
If I am to be a pirate then She's the only treasure I'd ever need.
Enticing,alluring, comely, angelic serein and mesmeric lady
She's a lover, the light in the dark, a kind gentle heart I cannot touch.
urges surging feelings emerging,
I am conflicted I know not of love while she is core of it.
I see her everywhere but nowhere so
I search.. I long.. and I yearn..
for her but she is far from my reach I can only hope that our hearts are in synch.
That's ok to say mate.
I know the feeling well.
Sadly those we love seem not to love us.
Sometimes think they have no idea of what indeed a relationship really is.
Just a flag of convenience for emotional pirates.
Like knickers up a flagpole
And who shall care for that o'er which you weep
Or share the burden of this world's foredoom
Seen starkly? Behold, a haunting specter creeps
Among the binding fates spun on life's loom.
Youll wake them not to that great misery
Which emptiness of pride has reckless wove
But pluck the web for loss and trembling
Of idols in the soul for which they strove.
Put off your glossy youth and early oaths
Devout nativity; raise up your cup
To lusty Lethe and thunder with the strokes
Of fury, treading out the ripened sup!
They will not bear to flay their sacred cows
But shades of death endure and prostrate bow.
Ages in their veins, more raging, whirl
As titanic potentials dreadful might
Turns girl to boy, conversely boy to girl
Unlimbing reason for unreason's fright.
That once gone right, here deftly ventures left
As self-conception staggers to its doom
Bursting the bonds of day and night, distressed
With desperate grasping measures, late and soon.
So set on generation's awesome curve
Of ageless heart and mind, how shall they bear
The die they cast at first when madly swerved
Into contesting congresses of care?
Dividing parts, dissolving in the same
The common wealth, no part the whole maintains.
Boast of the times and gilded privilege
Are these pretended guardians of State
Whose politics of power have sought to bank
Their future 'gainst dissenting arguments.
With rhetoric to foist a brave new age
They come as chaos mages on the brink
Of all disposing will, all ends betrayed
To serve their corporations nod and wink.
Auctioning the world, their goods are sold
Commercially with avaricious might
That sanctions lust, in quest of pyrite gold
And pirate earnings, staked upon deceit.
At last, the men of mock integrity
Luring the world to covert slavery!
Hurrah, the master men and lords of time-
From time brought forth, they are the world's latest
Whose overweening strut is in the best
Of culminating age, the mind refined!
Now to and fro they go, their lists increased
With every tally; line for line computes
Their beads of enterprise, the while relieved
Of tribulation, fate of hapless dupes.
Learning is theirs, precepts are theirs to bend;
Lawyers, clerics, politicians rest
Upon this pillar; they can split or mend
The finest lines; no guile their thoughts distress.
Step by step they round the universe
And finite lies to infinite converse!
What pride of theirs that strains for fleeting fame
Seeking to wrest from time the wasting plaque
Of recognition, host to every hack
That postures on the stage of the obscene!
Pretending worth, their practiced scripts dispose
In mocking light an empty dignity
While darkening intents; witless disclosed
On lips and brow their self-important glee.
As if full-wrought by truth's heroic wing
Their pride aspires; on vain conceits they soar
Up through the mist while private songs they sing
In self-made praise for deeds of phantom lore.
From belfries of the schools, in broken flight
They shriek away, hell's banshees of the night!
These timely wise, entranced of mind, decree-
Hear all you simple what we shall disclose
Which craft of our discernment is repose
Of wealth in understanding mastery.
A gift to all, these rich-invested beings
Pretending to resolve profundities
Decoct the world with learned fluency
Of torture ways, all gnostic knots untied.
A flair for comedy, their gelded self
Mounts every snorting bore of certainty
Then armchair resting, pants to yet indulge
Another whoring idols reckless scheme.
Some stowaways upon the open seas
And polished sextants of academe!
Here is their derogation, born from creeds
Of judgment in self-righteous confidence
That proves for nothing to the innocent
But swamps life's refugees with cruel conceit.
With ages they have built the edifice
Of dogma; every pit and lions maw
Is their contraption, set in consciousness
Of the condemning letter of their laws.
Cunning serpents, masquerading doves
They fashion argument, more vicious wrought
With rationales to blacklist those who strove
To flee their institutions heinous plot.
Enamored with a fascist benefit
The systems of the world they implement!
Fanatic men, how bold they tempt the fates
That meet to each the fruits of brutish will
Redoubled, which theyve spent in kind to date
Upon their brothers, sistersother self.
They make an estimation, rule the span
Between men; lord over equity
With zero tolerance and brazen hand
To smash upon their consanguinity.
Such is the wicked priesthoods confidence
In its own judgment, ever owning not
The wrong condemned in others, deep dispensed
To every heart, from roots of life begot.
More wretched they, and haunted with the shame
Of hypocrites, bedeviled by the same!
O law of learning, sum of thinkers' best
Now magnified, ensconced upon the power
Of natal worth and privileged social dower;
Once ruled by you, the Earth pleads for redress.
No scruple sought, no reservation found
To staunch against your certifying will
Which point of iron stylus now furrows
The world at large as object for the kill.
So cart away your pleading victim, mired
In sleazy wallows of concupiscence
And grace deny, self-dubbed the doubtless squire-
Errant usurper of the human quest.
How dignified, the rake of your ambition
That promises continual division!
My heart has been following me around;
Chain smoking, carrying this rusty old saxophone
Never plays it though. I don't think it knows how.
But, it always performs for me. Singing silly love song.
Tonight, the city lights didnt overshadow the night sky
And I thought about who Id want to journey back home with (too)
If I was trapped in space 200000 miles from home
If I was trapped in a failing ship, running out of oxygen
Id want to be trapped with you because I know wed get out of it alive.
My heart has been following me around;
I locked it out, promising it I was blind
But its chained to my chest
I locked it out, promising it Im deaf
But I know the signs. Im attached.
Im avoiding the sympathetic overtures
Because Ive been through all of this before
But Im not sure if Im afraid
Because every moment unfolding gives me a feeling I never imagined
And Ive spent the bus rides thinking Id want to journey back home with you (too you)
If I was trapped on a boat, lost at sea
If I was trapped in an odyssey, and pirates invade
Id want to be trapped with you because I know wed get out of it alive

My heart has been following me around;
And Ill never let it back in.
But Ill cover it with a blanket when it falls asleep on the couch
Because it deserves someone wholl keep it warm
And Ill never let it back in
But Ill fill its world with joy
Because I want to make it happy, I want to hear it laugh.
And Ill never let it back in
But Ill write it a love song and sing it with my chalkboard voice
Because if it wasnt chained to my chest, if I wasnt keeping me alive
Id give it away to someone who knows how to treat it like it deserves
Better than I ever could
Crawling, creeping, through the dark,
keeping an eye upon your mark
Throwing knives rest on your hips
blackened cloth against your lips.
Against rooftops, your feet are silent
your movements so graceful so poised, so violent.
You stalk your prey from far above
a sick and twisted sort of love.
They turn their head and then they die
and away you seem to fly.
A smoke bomb thrown, a muffled boom.
In the shadows, you'll always loom.
Twist and turn against the air,
walk on water without a care.
A sense of honor, strong and deep,
keeps you company you as you creep.
And you move on to another,
followed by shadows that you call brother.
Morning comes and you go to school,
and no one can deny that you're fucking cool.
A pirate greets you, bright and gay,
and so begins another day.
Your mother
stood over
the washtub
the steam rising upward
she poked the boiling wash
with what she called
her copper stick
pushing it down
and around now and then
wiping sweat
from her brow
and you stood watching
seeing her push
the washing down
with the stick
as if she were a good pirate
plunging with a sword
the bad pirates
from some skull
and crossbones ship
and when she lifted the stick
water fell back down
like grey watery blood
whats for dinner today?
you asked
itll have to be cold meat
and beans and mash
as its washday
and I still
have much to do
she said
and yes it was Monday
and Tuesday was stew
and so you left her
with the washing
and imaginary pirates
and the steam
and heat
and went out to play
in the Square with Jim
then along under
the railway bridge
to meet Helen
with Battered Betty her doll
and take a walk
to the Neptunes
fish &amp; chip shop
for 6d worth of chips
and held Helens hand
on the way back
to the Square
then to that place
under the railway bridge
and kissed and left her there.
(The captain of the pirates and one of them were in the cabin of that stranger having dogs while talking about him.)
''In Athens, he hired us to help him take the gold, '' said the captain.
''How could he take it as long as the messenger was alive? ''
The captain laughed, '' Maybe he has waited an accident to happen.
He caught the ship; before the sunset, wanted there to arrive.''
''He had nice dogs! '' '' Yes, the dogs would help him find the messenger
To kill him and to take the documents; he understood this
While he was hiding to hear those men talking, '' ''He was an avenger.''
''He didn't know the messenger, but he knew the gold's bliss.''
''He heard that a ship carrying five hundred and twenty bars
Having one kilo of gold each one would have to anchor
Near the Prinylas' shore, '' said the captain while lightning two cigars.
The other one started to smoke, '' I've satisfied my hanker.''
''The messenger should wait that ship to take the gold after
Presenting the documents; then, he should go to help a nun.''
''Those men should meet again to make arrangements thereafter.
One of them is on this ship; he goes silent until all is done.''
The stranger heard only a part of the dialog between
Ivan and the messenger's servant, who had been sent to Athens
To meet him; then, this stranger hired the pirates- around sixteen.
'' Follow me; I must embark on that ship to watch what happens, ''
(...He had told the pirates after killing the servant of the messenger; then, he intended to kill Ivan.)
He didn't know that Ivan should give the map to the messenger
To see the description of the road to the monastery,
The sketch and some details; Ivan didn't sense the danger.
The servant had to go to meet someone else; ''Let's be merry, ''
(...Said Ivan. They should meet again after three hours to go together to the messenger. The stranger did not know this secret.)
The meeting never took place 'cause the connection man had been killed.
Fortunately, he had told Ivan where this village was placed.
Ivan had caused that square sail's damage, but his heart hadn't been stilled.
Freddy needed time in Athens, when with this problem he was faced.
This way, Ivan forced Freddy to stay longer than he intended
To be in Athens; Ivan needed time to bring the map
To the destination; because the servant's life had ended
And the repair had been made quickly, Ivan fell into the trap.
(Ivan didn't have time to understand why the servant had died. He was prompted to divert the ship to the known place of Corfu, in order to land ashore. Then, Ivan would search for the messenger.)
The stranger was the one who paid attention to all those
Movements on that ship in order to grab the gold while thinking
That the pirate ship was behind him; he couldn't suppose
That the pirates had run ashore while using fast horses settling
In Prinylas before the Frederick's arrival; they
Killed the messenger and captured the vessel containing
The gold bars; they also killed all those sailors; on that day,
They attacked the carrack to find out who had lost that meeting.
The pirates wanted to kill that man, whereof the stranger
Had told them, and to remove the traces leading to the gold.
For this reason, they were willing to put them all in danger,
But the fire caused by Ivan their eyes started to behold.
(Ivan wanted to give Erica a chance to take the map and go ashore to search the messenger. The captain of the pirates took all the documents, the treasure and the seal belonging to the stranger and jumped overboard into a boat, apparently and inexplicably abandoning his companions. After an hour, the army began to fight with the pirates' crew.)
(..To be continued.)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Tie the anchor to the rope of my umbilical cord
Cut me out, throw me in, and forget your pirate sword
Race to the finish without a helmet on
One moment I hold your hand, the next youre gone
Alligators creep out of my skin
And leap out with a sinister grin
Smoking trenches of orange peel trees
Nothing you live is all what it seems
In one night, I may travel the world
See the death of a soldier
And the life of a bird
In one night, I may float on the sea
Have a cup of this delectable tea
If you think, I am unable to conquer him
Give me the sword, I will defeat the dragon
One evening can be purchased
With a well thought out plan
Steal away all the riches
Run as fast as you can
If you thought I could cure your disease
I would sleep and you would drown in front of me
Is it true, my own thoughts are reality?
Living two lives is not what it used to be
(I am who I want to be)
Take hold of my hand
And help me fly
Over crystal oceans,
Through a violet sky.
Let me hold a fairy.
May I give her a kiss?
Ive never seen a glow
As beautiful as this.
Sit with me on clouds
Over the Mermaid Lagoon.
Let me kiss the stars;
Help me touch the moon.
Let me run with Lost Boys,
Give me a pirate sword.
Ill obey your every order,
You have my solemn word.
Do not make me leave
Please! Let me stay!
Better yet, come get me
And <em>really</em> take me away.
my veins are crying out for the places you created
and my eyes search for the broken planets your tongue destroyed
there were pirate ships in your breath
when it was heavy outside last December
please dont leave me in the cold
my veins are crying out
and your galaxies are fading
like know just time mind feel life world say people things lost we're does love think there's away long way thought night got words want better day human left right remember man dark end reality memory experience going make really eyes place 'cause good death tell great feeling soul home high consciousness live pain thoughts fear understand fall thing city sky believe god meaning thinking lose change oh felt hard ask heart times years shall need past light living existence choice use dreams power days cause poetry talking state we'll alive knowledge fuck true moment little hope old wrong mental stars wave ago gone broken look brain dream far given truth feels head you'll best sensation baby try leave forget young sleep face stop escape blue dare drug lives wish doesn't drugs work earth new acid game nature bad sublime gods break beautiful ah writing hold born trying coming friends hold writing ah space daze burn body reason rain real moments wonder music memories exist psyche control waiting dawn future act philosophy word choose emotion lies deep one's difference self score truly perception actually finally what's story sure spent play happy greatest help start used lie took listen touch run belief fool glass hurt we've gaze goes cold set seek they're yes information anymore longing lonely qualia social land water afraid kind getting came dead hit present keeps gotta pleasure reflection free rave line held pray path sense art black half-light wake question quiet remain longer pill stay course open ego matter places worth lack horizon saw dusk beauty hand makes energy looking gonna data told seeking die kill seen subtle bit caught venturous means freedom yeah divine eternity empathy later rise perfect minds edge comprehend spiritual write couldn't evil care ashes summer knew turn content context accept existential white red sound chance who's consider hide judgement friend 'til realize dimension cast gave tripping praise health la enjoy search universe winter broke empyrean gain family personal spirit flowing wanted point poem lying wander loved wind knowing sleeping rest stuff doubt flow began embrace months knows discovery society hate aeon darkness chemical surely searching meant oneself infinite share forgotten fell late person religious conscious sex you've teenage blame eye instead different clear bring follow known decide forth strange cool stand we'd miss psychedelic passion today wasn't language catch purpose patterns tonight subject madness temporal ready simple sanity asked entheon absurdia entactus psychedelics metaphysics humans particle unto skies inside arms drink smoke bass youth breath listening close depths intangible expression mortal nostalgia practice return loose maybe dancing shadows king war answers morning silent dust fucked party generation near judge define asleep quite machine lines moving learn hath fate ate crowd standing haze guess brought certain fair read ways hours irish scared fine reckon possible ain't year psychedelion fucking apotheon substance isn't study bliss selfish ends warm dopamine explain fix addiction culture respect wisdom calm hurricane problem contradiction heaven forlorn vain gold sweet hidden effort fast she's breaking changed engine faith dance maze alas girl sigma watch grand heavy justice wait tried doors appear phenomena definitions somebody ignore feelings process sonder cybran soft depression chasing taken throw answer action relief having wandering compounds quantum necessary effects empathion ethos begin everybody rising clouds emotions indigo falls ecstasy fresh american walking glow outside speak force grow physical says view voice happiness shame sought age understanding lay individual billion explore crave pretty lights comprehension tears big sands crime waves taught forever venture adolescence welcome humanity comes zero storm wise claim swear sounds pass damn met he's internet mr table company repetition heard playing dirty mirror lets awake sorry doing dreaming states pondering ridiculous simply greater heal hear natural mydriasis mydriatic substances fades asking measure worse scoreboard destroy erase blood leaves worlds abandoned skin twisted walk grace smile fading illuminate hearts bed food ignorance admit drunk spring exile apart killed talk master meet waking chose neon adventure join shit mist aren't breathe psi laughing feet river trance wonderful floor hair desire breeze birth desert fade looked urban continue nation probably second belong willing alike criminals progress cyberspace sole survive names pills fears beginning digital you'd sadness easily depressed perceive surreality poets merely remains sober closer prose fact growing died save insanity defined session soon realm empyreal taste suicide science skins quality peace raise ashamed azure quit yearn piece notions absurd noble liberty entheogenesis reckoning feedback particles object reconcile baseline chain sardonic false weather hallowed intoxication wasted junkie's here's express cover green witness anger treat sacred pure cure ethics code objects level happen room addict smell fun climb pupils mere ok quest roam park meaningless form hour reasoning cyclone laugh nostalgic inspiration takes attention drop written sigh hole statement sand keeping thunderous sight despite grasp lived called drinking west heads spoke daylight staring song calls hell shivering kept recognize granted weekend problems decided aware happened hacker forgive sea key single moral sway definition caused connection channel difficult media strife dangerous ones cleanse imagine running utter ground spend vibrancy trees changes rhythm everyday group deal foolish hurts anxiety painting proud brother crazy amazed value temporality decision journey spinning making ha acknowledge learned scars apotheosis sort serotonin poet safe experienced potential lucky sunyata condition poor witnessed history doth barely pretend taking hero superposition plus suffering prefer offer won't medium empathos essence events reflect apotheotelos actual determine house issues worked begging virtuality swore gleaming sly gentleman wicked abyss feed lands tea moon miracle honest streetlights tale lust nights early chained allow placed life's actions emotional plant plan drizzle speaks spin hypocrite conviction watching rules jump application chains forged angel fail reflections lot illuminating flag grip fly sick wonderfully create freeman shine job supposed eggs draw pupil dripping tremble mescaline singularity subjective darkens alpha needed atlas orange discover rabbit warp joint wonderland perfection ponder souls silence ahead roll magic ease bag sorrow escapism sake chest magnitude chaser cloud infinity replaced revelation survived vs carry yearning school slip games begins curiosity heavens powerful typhoon furious theory hypothesis apathy serenity mind's marks window humankind cybernetic fraternity liberate cut movement excuse stopped thunder tire apparent mastery occurs motion paper masses throes falling race hanging bear follows sardonicism endless burning idea ideas burden court ya verse consume kick method stood temporary flash realized eat kindness occur advice shades properties shores hang shining ink rolling minutes street deem tools autumn empatheon entheos reach echoes remix diamonds gets worthy identity thoroughly stuck happens recall conclusion choices fiend dealing finding gun son stimulant experiencing depth twice starshine whilst chosen thereof hooked confused enables painful desires serotonergic teleology prey loop wishing relation neural animal hallelujah ultimately projection communication actuality significant experiences remind transcendention notion proposition works illusion puppet offers chalk series occasion calling degrees ended sin figure slick ending ash sentence glance rend november eve drum rainy destruction romantic drawn shadow observe ghosts bodies wandered atmosphere box familiar children honor road serve beliefs strong avoid lessons returns poison relax exhale whispered intention liquid stare dope needs junkie smoking club relative glitter reached fractured stones junkiedom aspect ketamine heavenly scares domain excess robes vast euphoria grass thrall elation buzz renew dr waste let's morality wanna bottle immortal owe intuitive wouldn't teachings transcendent nocturnal education eternal divinity drive aligned illegal lamplight sell sail insomnia curious beatific seeing insane continuum kiss beta void soar roar fog basis weed town cost regrets appropriate brave threat using emptiness fountain short stole shield riot shade ghost numbness stained steam dreampt october ion derived hazy money message sing quote metaphysical scene swept plain colors nirvana alright unlike dear low teens nonetheless pick considering teenagers beneath door electronic kids build pulse teaching kid mistake teach tear contextual political civilization vision dissociation completely tells normal nevermind raised brings laughed melody spot streets holding coffee praying violence appreciate vengeance law trust exploits slowly trouble mirror's refrain compassion eats recognition discovered blaze otherworldly pieces darkest angst brothers sit win buckfast vicious binge breaks undead forgot demands able notice lucid dimensions evolution sunrise plans philosopher killing produce working cloth produced painter gazing favourite track bunch haul arrives started chemistry prevent awaits definitive strive versus rule dread bare slow stayed onward altered helps lifestyle losing followed woke fight event innocence charade child ventures higher y'all acceptance pay any-more bay vicissitudes codex cannabis pleasures planes doses awareness steal beat zero-summing narcotic lest strength matters reading easy sons drift solstice half formed normality weren't hungry hopes declare research tales envelope regret tired breed release honestly haven't it'll blow entheogenic stories amidst insofar technology direct binary pushing gotten patience danger symbiosis dilation gleam untitled risk remembering aeons contemplate suppose allows goal certainly virtues well-being popular regard result tornado mescalito usually distant creating skyglow behold manifest psychedelia representation endeavour excitation transcendental resonance odd growth hedonism possibly focus proper assert formation described interpretations reflective determination rational consuming cherish expressed pathos psychoactive eventually significance dissociative strings author experiential specific oxytocin loves glimpse frames loneliness elements created 'pataphysics craft betrayal typical built wall wonders concerning critique signifiers books failing assume effect 'auld subject-object lethe scorn wants shroud understands enhanced ascend tides finality collapse lake reclamation beach proclamation justify junkies hood teen streetlight caressing lips other's comprised harvest midnight blink aching lesson responsible native fortune mistakes nurture grown healthy test mock especially badly boring walked gorgeous innocent villain giveth benediction stone rictus nightmare skystruck insignificance struck scum nothing's thrown unspoken den shatter loss subjugated angels myth fallen demon temples reborn irrelevant thousand clothed plains whispering insert telling everybody's ultimate expand immortality small rapture bound dry comedown starlight whispers contained watched attack mechanism questions palindrome perpetual surreal theme perspective bane heathen basking singular physics sighs rhyme deity sincerely goodbye fit asunder naught comfort adrift -the radiance plunge rock planet twine applause current enhancement zen profit terrible ill weary leaving fierce alchemy luck speed opportunity men arose prophecy steadfast captured sage demand weird estates gathered distance all's foretold sold wrath kinda relentless advance coil anybody columbine ocean drown spoken ancient eden wet blessed crimson concepts yesterday evening deeply whisper flicker enter book apathetic streetlamps trespass spun turned clean underworld disguise viewed despair tunes melancholy reverence unsaid noise o' groups turning swallow dropped lead confident veracious offend talked switch teenager shouldn't paying allure variable humane inspiring ex 11 matrix flickers offering receive signal news chant exhaustion access background commence summer's arcadia deja vu complex realization vivid stick sublimeoblivious deliverance belonging creed symbionts pendent sane smiling rumination plane glint resembles conversation web corporeal solace theft burned they'll sensations shivers satisfied enslaved mire comfortable shattered arch medina's fragmented plead achieve woman stage swaying dismiss entire numb lord type chapter infamous conquest aspects proving leads bloom floating precipitation artificial renewal spill beating midst petrol mad hands exploit movements examine women sublimation occurred eternally notes dizziness perceptive guys haunts spark poems poetic pull remained gazed vagabond presented blanket cried stranger glad lucidity turns sum details pour valuable exceed represent surprise continuity occasionally relinquish gravity likes weeks wrought gathering entirely reaper rays aging root laid balance four-twenty provide double-edged ceased exploration mates world's walls alteration faces breach million grey tidal unknown price absolute garden haunting train jungle aloud allowed habits closed syntax difficulty alter scratch glimmering drifting quenched explained forfeit in-between clearly ideals ubiquitous chemicals happening abandon supreme drifted soothing reveal alcohol stimulants psychonautes indescribable conscience closest dying andor travel gentle foodstuffs tree worried demons pair recognise inability ensure including hey graciously prove logic rhetoric 15 galaxy lately hearth ethereality forsake wanting steps memorable 'round player moves del you- encourage finished suspect frequently intoxicants acts aer veil qualities animals remembered karma kissed burying shooting bold scattered input howling design forsaken banish seraphim wide cola united democracy meandering -one zed's hot commit self-sufficiency thought's psychosis flows unreality immersion aesthetics realms struggle wisely immanence absolutely member add writings coin avoidance naturally boys inseparable standard convinced concerns passed prudence quick external suffer choosing produces letter proclaimed myths pains shroom bright absurdity awhile prospect sad distribution recreation responsibly ghb adrenergic minor neurotransmission cyclica lonesome foolishness cometh 5-ht2a beings golden pitch cathinone suggest conclude cognitive motions ethical condensate precious abuse compound underlying adult bask push damage attachment originally determinative heaviness concept facts today's regress detract step ugly absence cosmic note imagination psychedelos noumena noumenon reader haunt determining error questioning habit measured limitations manifestation learning arcadian joke hallucinogens material diethylamide mysterious exists 'twas response proportionate quantized nervous anyways identify qualify device analysis moderate moderation alterations accompanying totality fascinated gradually 'the represented brief juxtaposition played t'was resides tribe stead vote period liminality delete recurring mirror-neurons alexithymia craic ar positive drank maelstrom pharmahuasca wondered reflecting lovely facebook typing quale implicit dispute occurring fallacy treasure exactly reduction distinction discussion man's construct couple contain lovers failed confidence writer's integrity worst psychiatrist sesh rare chronology scale drug's definitely title sesh-heads who'd asks unable tomorrow plucked picture alphabet named coherence task pretends inevitable contemporary trips graces wrote entertain vice elicit psychoactives feens conform deface replace grin h-bomb atomic bleeding 20 bloodless unequalibrium following quench hunger bent euphoric display interstellar vertigo influence waited sunlight explored paradise soaring faded sitting unafraid aqua tinted source itches optional differently stem rich greed forbidden negative privacy react earned ails charity gift couch courage endlessly fascinating boyfriend phrase movies hopelessly loud admission inherent hypocrites intoned devil laconic sinful vein surrounded movie contempla
Alerte ! alerte ! voici les pirates d'Ochali qui traversent le dtroit.
Le Captif d'Ochali.
Nous emmenions en esclavage
Cent chrtiens, pcheurs de corail ;
Nous recrutions pour le srail
Dans tous les motiers du rivage.
En mer, les hardis cumeurs !
Nous allions de Fez  Catane...
Dans la galre capitane
Nous tions quatre-vingts rameurs.
On signale un couvent  terre.
Nous jetons l'ancre prs du bord.
nos yeux s'offre tout d'abord
Une fille du monastre.
Prs des flots, sourde  leurs rumeurs,
Elle dormait sous un platane...
Dans la galre capitane
Nous tions quatre-vingts rameurs.
- La belle fille, il faut vous taire,
Il faut nous suivre. Il fait bon vent.
Ce n'est que changer de couvent,
Le harem vaut le monastre.
Sa hautesse aime les primeurs,
Nous vous ferons mahomtane...
Dans la galre capitane
Nous tions quatre-vingts rameurs.
Elle veut fuir vers sa chapelle.
- Osez-vous bien fils de Satan ?
- Nous osons, dit le capitan.
Elle pleure, supplie, appelle.
Malgr sa plainte et ses clameurs,
On l'emporta dans la tartane...
Dans la galre capitane
Nous tions quatre-vingts rameurs.
Plus belle encor dans sa tristesse,
Ses yeux taient deux talismans,
Elle valait mille tomans ;
On la vendit  sa hautesse.
Elle eut beau dire : Je me meurs !
De nonne elle devint sultane...
Dans la galre capitane
Nous tions quatre-vingts rameurs
Le 12 mars 1828.
Man bore a child to rise from a storm
to reach the heights of Godly form
Thus came from the vital womb
A crazed man; Fear he never knew
Pawnee, Pirate greatest Mountain Man
his soul journey, to tame a savage land
On a trail to the grounds of fertile water
he leads many to walking pelts of gold
when thunder from the mountains
shatters is bold heroic soul
Taring from the flesh, extracting from bone
the king of the wild from many stories known
Lashing of teeth settles on tough leather skin
eyes vanish back; Fear overtakes his men
When the violence departs by a well placed shot
the sulfur clouds like fog lift and float with the wind
Two men sit guarding their leader and friend
Death wavers over his soul like a black cloud
calling to take him to the darkest unknown
Fitzgerald and Bridger long ago they did depart
taking everything but the will of Glasses heart
Rolling to a rotting log, giving the maggots a feast
relieving him of infection, revealing scars from the beast
The greatest journey now unfolds months of crawling
return to the wilderness that he calls home
I was a boat, lost
Upon a treacherous sea.
You were my lighthouse
Culture Study: The Xambams
The Xambams are a race of two-foot tall furry frogs from the planet Nambar Oomph- A dark, hot planet second in line from the green apple Sour Star. It's a very round little place, mostly water save for 50 mile long lily pads where Xambams build their slippery smooth stone fortresses.
Once per triple moon or so,
The strongest and keenest Xambam in every hollow hill of stone
that two or three million or so call home
will squeeze out SURFACE EXIT 74 (known locally as the front door)
into the dark, wet unknown
where he or she will swim away all alone
to see whats beyond the fog and roam.
Once or twice a season cycle,
amid the howling sea storms which terrorize the entire southern surface of Nambar Oomph and wail like the sore tail of a surface slapper whale,
A scout among the hundred thousand seaside stone scoutposts
will spot a free floating funny thing, usually floating far away-
so out go the Xambams all swimming and grinning
to see what strange thing's in the distance a' sitting.
Equally likely
its a message or a gift
or a blanket purposely infected
with every Xambam seasickness known to Nambar Oomph
or a dilapidated shipwreck
or the hollow shell of a
seasick Acid Squid
or a strange new Xambam,
the strongest and keenest Xambam in all his land
dead, 100% of the time.
And twice per lunar eclipse or so
the gigantic lily pads on which all of Xambam Society is built,
(known to the Holy Royal Galactic Hall of Names
as Sleeping Xambam Killer Lilies)
will wake up and snap shut like bear traps,
swallowing and dissolving all Xambams
commuting to work atop its round, green tongue.
They steal,
They loot,
They always,
Keep the boot;
They never thank,
They never fee,
For the things,
That should be free;
They steel from the rich,
They take from the wealthy,
While they protect,
Their Identity;
Their opinion,
Is not like ours,
They only think,
Theyre all just harmless;
They pirate apps,
And movies too,
Keep entertainment,
Thats what they do;
There was a time when we were strangers;
ships that passed in the cover of night.
We sailed parallel those lonely waters
not knowing that soon we'd be in sight.
There was a time when we were friends;
you wished only to reach the shore,
but my compass was spinning, our journey just beginning
and so I took you aboard.
There was a time when we were lovers,
but our ship soon started to leak.
We battened the hatches, bailing her out,
but hopes were battered and meek.
An unspoken pact and a final kiss,
letting you drift from my fingertips.
I readied the very last lifeboat,
but the captain goes down with the ship.
Strangers become lovers and lovers become strangers
through sailing the seas of time,
but this mariners tragedy's worth the memories
of when I called you mine.
A life on the ocean wave, ho!
In the olden days of sail
When pirate ships were proud and brave
And their crews were very male.
Captain Cock stood upon his bridge
Looking smart and flash;
But below the decks, the orders were
Rum and bum and the lash.
First Mate Mick went to the poop deck,
His willie at the ready;
Initiation time had come
For trainee pirate Freddy.
"Thtwap him o'er that cannon, ladth!"
Roared the hirsute lisper,
"Gag hith mouth thecurely, ladth,
Thilenth hith evewy whithper."
The pirates did as he had bid -
Refuse and they'd be punished -
And they knew their turn would come
Once First Mate Mick had finished.
The lisping brute went up the poor young lad
And soon was pumping away;
Poor little Fred looked rather pained -
As he wasn't really gay.
Then came the turn of the other men
And they joined in with a will;
Little Freddy could not say "no"
Until they'd had their fill.
What a life our pirates had,
Always singing shanties;
When men were men and big and butch
And the skipper wore silk panties.
The pirates' frigates ruled the waves -
Good sailors feared them coming;
If captured, they'd be condemned
To a life of seaborne bumming.
Mary was a carrack around two hundred in size
Having a cargo space and five masts with lateen sails.
The men climbed to the top of the mast to front the skies.
Loaded the cargo and prepared it for heavy gales.
This ship had a main mast with a square sail for speed
And triangular sails for maneuverability.
Being eager to eat, to drink and to smoke their weed,
To load brocade and silk, they got the ability.
They had to purchase these goods of China to Lisbon,
Where they could exchange it for some Portuguese silver.
The crates were quite heavy, and Frederick asked Brisbon
To hire men, 'cause at time, the goods they must deliver.
Brisbon hired sailors from Istanbul for the crew.
They carried the crates, one by one, into the cargo.
Sulim came and said that the gangway was damaged, too.
What else? Three crates of goods and Abseil hands,  said Fargo.
''We have to get to Gibraltar before September
In order to be able to pass through the mousetrap.
There is a strong current, which can be our ship's dismember.
It flows in the opposite direction. Here's the map! ''
Sam said, ''captain, how fast are the currents through this strait? ''
''The water at the surface flows between 2 - 4 knots.
The Autumn current can make us strain as through Hell's Gate.
Losing knots in speed, we can die; life is in my thoughts.''
'' The merchant wants to leave and doesn't know what to do, ''
Said Sam. Frederick and two men went into port to seek
Someone, who could repair the gangway and someone who
Could treat Abseil hands, because to sail he was too weak.
Geraldine was in the kitchen to prepare some food
For the seamen. ''Where do you go? '' She asked Frederick.
''A man's job! You're too jealous. I don't mean to be rude.''
''At noon, they drink.'' She laughed. ''My time is always metric.''
Frederick descended quickly into the boat with
Sulim and Suaram. They went ashore and went up
In northeastern outskirts of the town, where the fifth
House was an unfinished jewel under the sky's cup.
After two hours, they brought a few craftsmen the gangway
To repair. Finally, all the goods were brought on deck.
When the men started to eat, 'twas the end of the day.
'' The water swallows the sun; it's time for the dreams' trek.''
Said Sam while eating bread. ''And darkness engulfs the day.''
On the deck, the lanterns' light made the place enchanting.
They ate in silence. The water sprayed wet pearls away.
Frederick said, ''Now, the timeless our sleep is granting.''
(to be continued....)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Sulim said, the moon rises on the sky like a child.
''The jeweler is going to come tomorrow to
Bring me jewels for those wanting their life to be styled.
Although I can't sell them, I want all her dreams come true, ''
Frederick said. She replied, ''I can't wait to choose them.''
''They are expensive, and it's hard to find customers.''
Sam said,  increase the price when two eyes light on a gem.''
''I have to deal with the coast-men, who are expert smugglers.''
'' 'Twas another world, when jewelry meant a business.
I had to wear a lapel clip to be fully dressed.''
Sam said, ''to the jewelry theft, I'm an eye witness.''
''To protect this ship from pirates, I'll do my best.''
He kissed her, '' you're the most important jewel for me.''
She touched her womb, ''this fetus is the most important.''
''And I hope he will become what I want him to be.
I know he feels, even his feeling is quite dormant.
(After a few seconds of thinking, Frederick continued to talk with her.)
''Are you sure it's a boy? '' ''I am absolutely sure.
Moreover, he will be like his dad.'' The man held her
Into his arms, '' I'm strong enough this fate to endure.
Is he as beautiful as me? '' He played with her hair.
Dreamy and meditative, Geraldine told him,
''He's already a sailor in my womb.'' He laughed.
''Son, I want you to hit her a little in a gym.''
She exclaimed, ''he moved.'' ''Hes maestro at this craft.''
(Early in the morning, Frederick and Geraldine woke up. They used to sleep in the same bed, although she was pregnant.
She had to prepare the breakfast for the sailors, and he had to go to the nautical bridge to take back the control of the ship.)
''You'll stay at Lisbon for a few years because the child
Must grow up enough to be taken with us on the ship.''
''I do not let you roaming through the freedom and the wild.''
''I don't go, I stay with you, '' he whispered lip to lip.
''Are you afraid of losing me? He asked tenderly.
''I'm afraid that something bad is going to happen.''
''With five belly dancers around fashion'd slenderly? ''
''Imagine this! You're going to be a real captain! ''
He laughed. She gave him a pat on the back with her cushion.
''Do you see those five lateen sails? They dance in the storm.''
He wanted to make love with her, but she kept on pushing.
He immobilized her screaming ''Love me to keep me warm! ''
Ismail knocked on the door and told Frederick that the jeweler was on the ship.
(to be continued...)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
He calls himself Peter Pan and he's looking for a new Neverland.
I feel him watching me thinking that I can't see.
But the shadow that he can never quite catch always winks at me when he leaves.
I turn to sneak a peak but I always find he's already looking at me.
I wonder how one can be young for eternity.
Wouldn't it get rather lonely?
I saw him again and he finally said "hello."
It was timid and shy but on the inside he's wild.
I couldn't help myself from my toothy smile.
There was nothing to say but "It took you a while."
We are going strong Peter and I.
In my ear he'll whisper sweet nothings and desire.
I'll just smile and kiss his pink lips.
Because what's left to be desired when you live eternally fighting pirate ships.
Moonlit eyes reflected on still, icy water
They draw me in
Into those deep blue depths I wander,
I dissolve into fragments of our memories
as I wade through your visions,
I see myself from the back line of your heart
and with salty tears,
I distort the perfect mirror of your eyes

Questions ripple out from the source:
How do you see such beauty in something so cruel
Why do you stay there in that storm that bites and claws at your soul
Don't you know why storms are named after people

My love does not know release
My love is desperate, unapologetic,
it will clutch you back every time you reach for the shore

But you are stronger than the tides
Gravitational pull has no power over your will
So what force is this that binds you to the idea
of this endless body of water
Have the sirens whispered sweet lies of true love
and other treasures buried deep in these dark waters
Or is the idea of drowning seeming sweeter than regret

Either way, be sure that I will destroy you in the most beautiful way
and the shipwreck I cause will mark every place with our memories
You will taste me forever like salty blood in your mouth
And your bright eyes will haunt me until the day I run dry
At times it is hard to sail on
when the sirens sing songs to me
and the depths of the dark blue sea
call out to me.
In the fearing there is wonder
and I wonder
how come?
where was it written in the heat of the Sun that my Kingdom will come
in the fathomless deep?
Would I sleep my eternity in this, the fraternity of pirates and slaves
whatever happened to Jesus saves?
The sirens sing sweet things that bring me to endings
and the doldrums are here
pending a sharp wind and rescinding previous posts
I host one more party to start me on my way
to slip into and down through the beckoning spray
and when the waters close over and cover
will I then live to discover a meaning to all this
will the bliss that I have in mind be the bliss I will find
or will I disperse
in the teasing of tides that would ride out my bones across waves into more temperate zones.
The sirens fall silent and the night starts to sing
I bring up my collar and call to the Moon,
so soon
so soon and the sky goes to sleep
in the deep someone's calling
and I have to stop falling
I keep my mind still and in the stillness
I will
find my bearings and compass point
and that is the point
to read the map
to find a route
to sail one's ship
to not let go
to not let slip.
I should rip apart this sadness,madness
but what else would I be
could it be this is the one and only
long and lonely trip
we all must take?
before I break apart
I will start to stop again
pick up the pieces that lie in pain
and hoist the sails
put up the mast and hide from the rains
and in the distance in darkness
the sirens begin.
When I grew up I used to think
that I was going to be strong like a warrior
or a pirate. But now ill be a stranger to this century
at least I have my fables ill turn tables in my mind
I just need a minute of your time...
well, if you write "poetry", and have no intention
to sing it, to praise some populist theme...
you end up working in a music "shop",
of your own private library.
saying that... the best albums i ever purchased
were in scotland...
english was shitty for original
purchases...
nothing really stood out outside
of the charts, nothing obscure.
and yes, i can enter a trance, listening
to <em>foster the people</em>'s song <em>pumped up kids</em>,
and then downing another <em>blackbeard</em>
(dark rum and ms. pepsi) -
switching to lemmy kilmister's first band
<em>hawkwind</em>'s song about the partriach
of the <em>nizari ismailis</em> (assassins)
<em>hassan i sahba</em>...
they got high from shish-kebabs and hashish...
i'm a drunk... and all the better for it.
i don't understand why subjectivity is so wrong...
i've been watching people stress
science, and the objective paradigm...
esp. the atheistic paradigm...
of fuck me, the <em>ad nauseam</em> set of rules
to call someone stupid...
it started with goldfish... only 2 second's
worth of attention span...
how do you know?
well... the fish is going mad, being stuck
in a fish bowl, on its own, with no other
fish as worthy points of reference...
it's obviously going to evolve a coping mechanism,
of blitzkrieg amnesia...

the joke hasn't even arrived...
i remember being apprehensive of marilyn manson
when he stormed the scene in the early 2000s...
but i, for some reason, managed to freak / scare
two people with my taste in music borrowed
from scotland (the music store <em>fopp</em>)...
a guy with<em>greenskeepers</em>' song <em>lotion</em>...
and a former girlfriend with
<em>gong</em>'s song <em>radio gnome invisible</em>...
mind you, the whole album the latter mention
is derived from, <em>flying teapot</em> is an l.s.d. trip
for the ears;
fuck me... the song <em>pot-head pixies</em>?!
i love the fact that we've inherited this archive
of music...
sure, in the 20th century you could
celebrate classical music (as, ahem, one pop poet
did)...
but that sort of high-brow attitude
became suffocating...
esp. in the current hundred years;
nothing wrong, i sometimes go to the opera,
and ballet...
it's not like i'm saying:
now, i'll insert this needle into my ear criticism...
all in all...
i miss the fact that i could once stroll
through an english highstreet,
and feel a need to buy something i really needed,
like a new music album...
then the internet "somali" pirates came...
how many fucking shoes do i actually need?
or mobile phones?
or fried chicken nuggets?
i've been wearing the same clothes for the past
two or more weeks...
khaki trousers, chocolate shoes,
and a chequered green and white shirt...
does the shirt stink?
i shower every day, i'm a hygienic-conscious
alcoholic...
i still use the required amount of toothpaste
as said unto children: a pea sized amount,
done under 30 seconds, and plenty of rinsing.
i can't remember the last time i was walking down
a highstreet in england...
i might, if i went into a charity shop
and bought a second-hand book...
but last time i went into a charity shop,
i was donating a book,
richard dawkin's the god delusion,
with a piece of toilet paper for a bookmark;
and i wiped my ass on that book, good and proper.
riverrun past eve and adam so
fast it tossed up my chainmail
vest. For a second it shone my
tattered back battle scars.
Im not one to reminisce
about bad times but the fish
I had wrangled had rattled so fierce
I bell fack-boreward into the fox
of fishing hooks.
Dangling pirate hands shredded
sails salty water waves filled my
whales -- ARR ME BACK
The fish cackled and got away.
The boat was in the Abiquiu river, a ways away
a way a lone a last a loved a long
the riverrun
we are slowly broken open, folded
over, swollen hopeless. and i guess
the mess and restlessness is just the
way we never thought his
heart could stop how his
veins clogged up how his
blood had blocked
and i guess the rest is like a nightmare. like
we're waking up to a new day
as if i never trembled in
the hallway my eyes two rivers my
spine in shivers my lungs still numb
this is a tangle, a
shipwreck. turning eighteen
home alone, turning eighteen
in a gold room with
the sky slick black. and i guess the
test of turning eighteen is
whether or not you can
hold someone else's
weak heart
in your hands
The Cruise of Your Sun
To say goodbye to good old Sol as he
Slips west beyond the trees and sails away
Is not an errant childhood sentiment,
For his appointed tasks are dutiful
Pacing the planet like a sailor on watch,
Seeing to the safety of every space.
His battle-lantern can be seen aloft
From California to those lonely isles
Where pirates bones lie mouldering on the beach,
And then to far Nippon and old Cathay
To watch obscure philosophers brush verse.
A course steered west above the Hindu Kush
He notes that India is still in place.
The solar voyage continues at best speed
Above the desolate plain where now-ruined Troy
Once stood defiantly against the Greeks
For the allure of glory transient.
A meander above the Meander
Soon leads to noble, marbled Italy
Where art and wine and Latiums dark-eyed arts
Beguile the world with visions of the eternal.
The Mediterranean beneath his keel,
Sol courses the Pillars of Hercules
And singing, soars above the Atlantic
The cold, austere Atlantic, deep blue tomb
Of shadowy civilizations ancient
Before Atlantis was born, when the Nile
Flowed as a shaded brook neath forests green
The sun soars west, to where hes happiest,
And that is wherever you happen to be;
And when at dawn he sails back home again,
He brings you a present - light from a star.
High and dry its all deserts and tumbleweeds with you.
But Im a cat that likes to travel and move.
So I go the opposite way. Because stagnant dreams at high altitudes dont suit me.
Im a flat line realist with big aspirations, but I need to understand the game board.
So I hope theres gas in the tank. Not for terrorist motives
Although I wouldnt mind wide scale destruction
And my friends and I
We try to live like pirates.
We wish we could steal
But my mazdas not a ship
And Im not boarding port side.
Although to be perfectly honest
I feel that introspective ramblings
Arent going to save me.
When I m fine with my self
Its the flannel wearing 30 somethings
Raised trucks
Medium beer
Hats
Bros with community college degrees
The death of California
So My friends and I
Should drown in tar
Like dinosaurs .
Hypothesize our end
Our demise was overdue .
A few years ago I was cutting edge tongue flapping
Now Im electrodes to spit older quips for lack luster
Gents.
I know the kinds h &amp; m uniform, scarves in California heat, military grade boots.
This ones name is Jeff and he slings dehydrated lines about charity like it will save his life of mediocrity and empty,empty,empty pockets
For the things he needs to do
To make people like him
Some where
Maybe india
Yes india
Were friends that are just a 7 dollar donation away.
So leave me high and dry with your corner out eyes
Save yourself from the breakdowns the x, y, zs
Of predictable lines and same old stories
Its the same thing with <em>*</em><em></em> of varying size
So if I quench my thirst from leaky pipe dreams
Or water plants with the excess, its all the same.
Because a silver tongue and debatable morals is the selling point but were not vinyls
Value is measure in age.
And wisdom wasnt the call your made.
Im sick of cut throats in Sunday dresses
And thiefs in cheap yellow sunglasses
Lifes not a slope of a flat line or a mountain to be ascended or descended
-Kevin T.
And people say I've changed when I know I haven't
And I'll still cry when my black dog howls at that swollen paper moon
A heartstring ripping song that will have no duet
And so I've stitched myself in lavender
And drowned my skin in water that comes from so close to the sea that my palms hold shipwrecks
But I'm still that same girl who stood too close to the edge of the road just to feel the cars whip past her
And I'm still that same girl who feels as though the love she is given will never truly be earned
Ill trace the lines of a love poem
With the tip of my generous tongue
Ill bend you over a sonnet
pounding your heart with verse
Until you come
Closer to the slippery edge
Of the highest haiku peak
Pulsing cranes shoot from
Sky following deep swallows
Cascading heat wing
The beat of the sextet
Engorges the plump plum with tantalizing taste
As the surging wind tickles swirling grass meadows
A pirates plunder
unbridled womanly chaste
Riding my large prose with feminine pleasure
Until both writhing bodies are drenched in chicken broth rain
I will slather you in brilliant color
As you vacantly stare ecstatic
Groaning through the augustan age
During a walk through the hallway
of the primary school
I find hallways
filled with turkeys and leafs and stiff scrawled characters.
What is Mr. Smith's class thankful for?
Flowers and toys and cars and dresses and pink and purple and soccer and skirts and barbies and family.
How could you sum up all of the things you are thankful for in one word?
At the end of the hallway I am faced with a choice:
<em>What are <strong>you</strong> thankful for?</em>
-----------------------------------------------------------&shy;------------------------------------------------------------
What&shy; am I thankful for?
Happiness, and family and security and nature and
friends.
I am thankful for friends.
I am thankful for laughs and chatts and cries and sobs and games and smiles.
I am thanful for facial contortions and 80s dance sessions,
for inabilty to speak.
I am thankful for hobos, eating on the side of the road,
and for devious scheymes of intoxicatation.
Hep beni anlayan bir arkadam var mteekkirim
and who listens to my sob stories.
I am thankful for singing in the rain.
And styling hair in the sink
for screeching and howling
and hissing.
I am thankful for obkirchergasses,
for Strcks and for ice cream plarlours.
I am thankful for mentos,
and walnuts.
I am thankful for bad lip readings and hilarious youtube vidoes.
I am thankful for unknown languages and nymphs
and for eloquence.
I am thankful for good taste in music
and for strong opinions.
I am thankful for dancing indian pirates with demon chicks and fireballs.
I am thankful for two-headed teenagers and barbeques.
I am thankful for God and healthy choice prayers,
and Hawaii get aways.
I am thankful for huge, hanging sweaters and crazy, funky leggings.
I am thankful for deep talks about the world's lack of beauty
and for poetry buddies.
I am thankful for dodgeball playing mice,
and poor old wenches.
I am thankful for pirate and mermaid adventures.
I am thankful for the looks we get:
looks of loud disapproval,
and whispers of quiet exasperation.
I am thankful for golden men and loud singing,
for crazy dances with crazy cousins and cute brothers.
I am thankful for Aunt Jemima.
I am thankful for banging on metal bars with rocks and shouting at the top of our lungs.
I am thankful for climbing over gates in order to not step on cracks.
I am thankful for amazing humanities teachers.
I am thankful for a laugh when the day is over.
-----------------------------------------------------------&shy;---------------------------------------------------
How those kids manage to fit all of their thankfulness into one wordis beyond me.
Even the one-word things we are thankful for, must be described with a million words.
These ships have seen rougher waves
In other words, these ships have sailed
I want to drink rum at the helm
I want to tell the ones around me that I feel like king of the world
I want to feel like king of the world
Welcome to the sea port of wrecklessness
We welcome all who are willing to lose themselves in the midst of it all
Gunpowder and ballrooms
We don't take this as serious as we should
I am surrounded by flashing lights and loud bangs
Loose cannons, they are walking the plank just for the hell of it
I have wanted to call this place my home for so long
Now I am finally here and I can't even find the strength to stay calm on these stormy waters
It feels like my ships have sailed
I shouldn't have to feel in charge
I shouldn't be the one to steer the helm
My lungs shouldn't have to bear this
My hands seem so tired
I seem so tired
I have a sailors mouth
but a first mate's broken heart
Welcome to the seaport of warmth
We welcome all who want rehabilitation
Come to us if you need a place to rest your weary head
We will shield you from the flashing lights and loud bangs
I have always called this place my home
I was never as wreckless as I wanted to be
I was never a pirate, I never wanted to be
The sea is as open as my mind
Sometimes it feels nice, other times not so much
I don't remember the last time I wasn't lost
I have been searching for this treasure my whole life, but I can't seem to get out of Davey Jones' Locker
By the time they have all moved on, I will be a hundred feet deep in the dark of the ocean
My ships have sailed
Upscale informants the Hats
Colored black with neck break
Speed colored sand with Heavy
Metal helmet tendencies nonsense
Rent being too high for love or
Life files in minds of man and women
In near to death relations that push
Their souls to a break point still birth
Addiction to laughing near you and
By you where the black is a class that
Annoys penetrates informs tells all
The magazines a burning in their racks
As the clouds spheres make the near to
Them closer to them the hot suit with
The restaurant girl in the booty jean pants
Makes you turn your head guilt leans
On your temples and up there in the rafters
The ceiling is no longer - each baseball of the
Bell has its so and how about you and I go
For a ride that neither of us will come back from?
The fact of that of being alright will make Peter
Wince because the leak inside the bed of theirs
Will take us to a place whose soot is red and
Whose boots are covered in a mud that will be
Impossible to get off let the apology tear through
Fabrics in speechlessness marooned on each desert
Palms waving in the near sighted pirates of myth let
Me not make my soul a fool but my own body in mourning
I grew up too early or I grew up in the sheets
Of a place that were not my own home childhood
Is wavy like the heat strokes upon the highway
Dust settling on the dining chairs of forgotten families
Their picture frames cracked from lack of love and too
Much sun, the bushes outside wave back and forth from
A warm wind and a whisper that starts at the closet,
Trembles toward the trenches of the World War I dead and
Onward ongoing and unknown to where the weird work
For pennies without faces making them worth nothing
Here the lazy learn that life doesn't a give a damn about them
In turn their eyes collide corode from unpolished moonlight
Lain in graves un-watered and uncared for by the undertaker's
Son so soon He was forgotten by a broken family near to death
For the money was just never coming in the sunlight no longer
Favored their breathing nor their eyesight nor their feet that
Were always walking, working, and fretting over things they
Just couldn't control the cold never left them, only when they died
Were they allowed the fortune of rest, though they did not feel
It whence it came for the dead feel nothing, for the dead feel nothing ever,
For the dead feel nothing when the time has come for them to be
Heat exhausts itself like we do like humans do like people try not to
Effort affronts reverses the hill steep in incline reminds all who accept
Death's challenge snowfall makes the means to the end possible, justified
Benches wooden in their making remind me as I climb where the stuff
Comes from so in the chimes the monks bow their heads, never once
Thinking of women, or drink, or work, or food, or what despair life has
Thrown at them, they seem to only think of their God and the slow, vibrating
Hum of their vocal chords and their breath that journeys through their body
Like their life did through the world once like all of ours has done as well that
Magic wet with the tears of the forgiven youth at the jailhouse or the grieving
Murderer who was never caught but whose guilt and remorse weighs down
Their soul until the final call is made or the final toss out into the gutter from a
Bar who knows what they are, alone now with only their deed in life that has
No feeling of reward or satisfaction, only emptiness with a dream no longer with face
I hear the echoes
They taste
Metallic and golden
Like icicles of the
First rays of Fall sunlight
Through cracked translucent leaves
Chilled with a foreign wind
That is still with a sameness I
Would only associate with
A home drenched with
Childhood memories turned recollections
How the world
Turns and turns
Yet all seems the
Same everywhere
Without
Restrictions
Shackled
No more
With
Past
Present or
Future
None are
Young or
Old or
Growing Old

All
As they are
For as long
As they wish
To Be.
In Dreams,
In Dreams,
We Dream
Of But Only
One Dream
Treasure is a current
Strong and full of richness.
Atop lush foundations
peak monumental formations.
To dig up treasure
is to fuel the planet with toxic waste
and then call it wealth
Gold mines dig deeper holes
while silver tongues manifest poetic roles.
A current indeed!
We treasure an illusion.
We call it a seed. Yet
it functions just like a basic need.
Truth protests,
like an invasive weed.
But riches sweep away truths plea...
hacking at the roots of transparency.
for Leonard Cohen*
Sex and death
are the portals
to love and life.
They burn,
they are dangerous,
we are taught
to turn aside
and look away.
And so we do.
Only a few
have the guts
to face
these twin fires;
only a few
find the courage
to cross
these thresholds
into celebration,
ecstasy, madness,
transcendence
or come what may.
These are the lovers,
the poets, the pirates.
They long to see
the naked face
of creation,
to hold
the burning universe
in their open arms,
to penetrate
the Mystery.
They are not afraid
to be consumed.
- mce
You and I fell in love with
the calm before the storm,
as all lovers do.
When the tepid winds blow across
the steady blue plains and sunlight
winks through the ocean's collar
like a shy school girl,
we are mad with happiness.
The waves are calm and everlasting
and we are just the same.
But any lover of the water must know
that its temper is likely to change
without warning.
The tide rushes high and low across
a distant shore, and here the waves
are churning with a mighty force.
It doesn't change how the Sailor feels at home on the Sea,
or how your love makes a Shipwreck of me.
I'll drown in my love for the water
before I waste away by the shore,
only looking out from a distance
at the ocean I love so.
Though this sea bears many storms
and my vessel is fragile and small,
I would give my life to weather its waves
and sail the sunny waters once more.
.
<em>*</em>pirates on the sea
Capitan Morgan, life, love, loot
a bottle of rum
Sat at the watchtower
drunken not by rum
Soaked by morning sun
the dark haze of ice
Sat at the watchtower
not knowing how I feel
Sunk in a yesterday kiss
the maze of days gone
Sat at the watchtower
the portrait of the light
Stokes by the artist porter
the rise of the lost teases
Sat at the watchtower
the wonder of the pirate eye
Sold and ribboned in liquor
the hidden side of your phrase
I see hope and
opportunity walking up to my doorway hand in hand
they knock
and my indecision lingers
fear digs its claws in deeper
the eternal woe of anundefeated foe
I guess it's true what they say
you reap what you sow
new beginnings beckon
a shipwreck lies within
dive beneath my waters
thoughts slip and falter
running out of time
rhymes fall out of line
will someone please just throw me a line
I'm drowning in uncertainty
whether to take a chance or
let it be
the question is
will a chance take me?
set me free
give me new eyes to see and
a fresh beating heart
one that hasn't been ripped apart
torn to shreds
another hour sheds its skin
will I ever let someone in?
"How old are you?" I ask.
"Guess!" she says and giggles.
Old enough to have a favourite brand of cider
And write poems about breaking up.
Old enough to say, "I don't do boys",
And hold Zoe's hair while Zoe's throwing up.
Old enough to wear a tu-tu in a half ironic way
And not rise to the bait, whatever chavie-di and chavie-dum might say.
We're dancing down the high street
Up the sunsplashed canal
Underneath the pirate bridge
It's like another town;
Camden's wearing make-up
Like a goth come out in Spring
The teens are taking over
And they're forcing us to sing
Bring yourself, bring a smile
Bring bring what you can bring
The teen's are taking over
And they're forcing us to sing.
"How old are you?" I ask.
Flirteen she says, and giggles.
We tried to write creatively
But ended up laughing histerically
We chucked bowling balls as fast as rockets
But later ended up with quail in our pockets
We trudged (cause we do that)
Tiki torches in hand,
Snowshoeing through snow
Which is the opposite of sand
We took a coffee break, and gave our teacher a phone
A couple days later we visited Dolores in the home
Dolores lost her memory, but her legacy remains
Phoenix road, bethal church, will walk through memory lane
We hopped on roofs, just to pass the time
We jammed to a band funk, and a bit of crime
We danced on empty balconies, which was pretty neat
Luckily we had dancing shoes strapped onto our feet
We sentenced a girl to 12 hours of service
Watching her testimony made me nervous
We hiked ol vanralte after the intensity
Ill never be a lawyer, theres too much density. (yeah I have no idea)
Tulip time finally showed, bringing us lemonade
I watched you play trombone in the parade.
Slacklining in kollen park is always a highlight
Railroad tracks and corndogs also made my day bright.
We spent some nights on beaches, feeling so free
Finally, we kissed under a willow tree.
We made a card for our favorite teacher
We talked smack about jakeke
We madeout in rental houses
on tiny, old,living room couches
(help)
We climbed never ending stayercases
We read the bible under a sunset
We walked through pirates cove
We crowd surfed to metal concerts
We kissed after mountain biking
Yeah mountain biking, no big deal
We met a man named Russ
We forgot his name for a while, but it came to me during a meal (lies)
We decorated jakes car
Jake come back we're your friends
Jake wy are you in Wyoming
Come back to jakeshouse
We rolled the streets on purple walkers
What more is there to life
Not much, except for JAKESHOUSE
But we werent allowed in there most of the time
We let go a Chinese lantern
Aftering becoming emotionally attached
The rest of the night is forgettable,
But also memorable, in its own way
We made fires on the tops of very north points
We climbed mountains
jumped off cliffs
built fires
We cuddled on nasty couches
embraced the PDA
We played pool against weird black guys
got a freaking good deal at subway
AAY
We saw a scout become an eagle
And a 12 year old in the basement
We made a difference one morning,
Then we napped til two, it was nice
We almost went to a haunted bog walk
But chose not to. Twice.
We drove on the muthafuckin sidewalk,
Right into some mud,
But tyler came to the rescue and to talk
And pulled us out with a thud
We chatted in halls,
And he was late to class.
Everyday in ol chem,
tardy Tim with no pass.
We watched monsters incorporated
In a questionable basement
a 2319 is all you need
for anything ever
We played boggle in a fish bowl
not a literal fishbowl and we didn't eat soup
that was the name of a coffee shop
where you ate froot loops
I feel broken today. I feels as though everyone who looked at me saw how torn I was.As if they were counting how many pieces of him were stuck in my skin like broken glass. Little bits and pieces stuck everywhere he touched me. How can everyone count them all the loose pieces...the deep ones. I have lost count. Though he may not be near me, that doesn't mean he doesn't have power over my everyday life. It's unfair that other little girls got to be princesses and pirates. When all I did was sleep off the bruises and ignore the yelling. But. It's my hand of cards that I was delt, and I'm going to try to do the best I can at winning this game because it's my game to win; not his and I'm ready to stand up and defeat him.
Tea residue,
Glowflies, cashmere
Cliffside
See the torn cloth upon the rocks,
Splinters from the mast
Salt tears, salt blood, salt from trade
Broken china
Saffron
It's all salt and sand and blood, now
Washing up the beach in the night,
Shadows from the fire light
The jaws, they gnash
The hungry ocean, the cliff's teeth, the fire burning,
Whichever takes of me first
But I would choose the undertow
For blacking out without the air to breathe,
And lungs filled where nothing could sate the thirst
Of my greedy heart above, and my ugly stomach below
Do you remember when we were boys?
When mischief was our main profession?
With mud about our corduroys
Walking from the field in our football procession?
We chased and tried to catch the girls
Whom we presumed thought us cool.
We occupied our time in class with jokes
Or smoking cigarette butts behind the school.
Time the tax-collector troubled us not
For all the years of these days,
Time was when we ate and how our race
Told our speed, which meant a lot.
Work was gathering stones to build our forts,
Scavenging sticks to build a fire of sorts,
Setting a trap for some unlucky beast,
Or waking to see the glorious sun rising in the east.
I remember when, God forgive our souls,
We skipped Mass (more than once, I might add)
To eat teachers' kolaches and doughnut holes,
But more for the adventures we had.
When we ran in the forest, we were Injuns.
When we sailed on the lake, we were Pirates,
But now we're just drab grown-ups,
Our characters weak as sand; like Pilate's.
What changed in us?
What made this so?
Temptation leads to sin, plus
Sin corrupts the soul.
The world is crumbling around me,
And you want to turn it into poetry.

You won't pick up the phone
Because you don't want to hear my voice.
Baby, my voice is all that's left.
It's the only hope I have,
The only way to make it out alive.
So clueless behind a keyboard, so far away.
If you could see how somber this city is,
How loveless, how grey,
Maybe you'd pick up the phone.
If everything collapses,
I'm going down with it.
God knows you won't lend a hand.
I walk this path alone,
Like I always have,
Only this time
It ends at the lake
And I keep walking.
Maybe I'll find you down there
Among the shipwrecks:
My own Benedict Arnold.
Please pick up the phone.
Shatter the paradigm
Thirsty soul, enrich, affirm, flame the winter fire
The playa calls out to everything you are or will ever be
Resonate as the eye of the storm
Unfurl your colors and let them fly among the other banners
Walk onto the playa, a man strapped
with a guitar, nine harmonicas, one morraca, a melodica, a journal,
and a soul full of childlike wonderment radiating love.
Share the highest self
receive others in the same saintly light
"Buddha", "Buddha"
Man the poet's post, gift a poem to whatever brave adventurer
finds their way to your dusty shore
Be a beacon of spontaneous joy among the other bright lights
Engage in the mystic pleasures of Black Rock City with a lustful curiosity reserved only for the most devout Bacchanalian Priest,
standing amid the pagan orgy, waving spilled goblets
like an overflowing gaggle of drunken pirates singing a wild tune,
arms sweeping and fists swinging in clever rocking harmony,
conductors composing romantic chaos
Love being alive.
Love putting your feet in the dirt and smelling the dry air.
Hear the birds singing unknowable songs that you were born to follow, Feel the sun on your skin, let your Self burn.
Walk amongst trees and wrap your arms around rooted giants
as you hurtle through space
Connect and feel balanced within this paradoxical existence
of constant change,
lightly hold the hand of letting go
See into people's eyes,
Create new channels for awakening.
Be a romantic and cherish womanly love and lust.
Enjoy the embrace of hands, union of lips,
and the primal enlightenment afforded by duality.
Attend jazz nights at pirate mead bars and write dizzy poetry in comfy corners. Share art. Speak spanish and play guitar.
This waking life is a dream, is it not?
Dream of exploration, in the material and spiritual realm.
People are endlessly fascinating, dream of meeting them all.
Continual realization of the oneness of all life is a sustained dream,
trust your path and part within this grand symphony,
the light of the festivals may provide clues,
fearlessly be a seeker of these chances.
Be ready for genuine human interaction,
be brave enough to ask the forbidden questions,
and wild enough to attempt at the answers.
We all carry a piece of the puzzle, find community,
a place where many pieces can come together
to bask in the glory of life.
Add your own piece of light to shine in the desert.
Sit amongst philosophers and rebels in the shade,
revel in the mystery together.
Sing me a song of a sailor gone wrong and I'll show you a song of the sea, where pirates walk planks with no thanks to the skipper, a crew full of cutthroats, Jack tars, jack the ripper and grog for the boys who sail wild on the main to nail them rich galleons, poor Philip of Spain.
Sing a song to me, sing me terror on the high sea and we'll all fall at Newgate, we'll swing for these crimes but these are the times of our lives.
Sing me a song of a sailor gone wrong and I'll sing you a song about me.
When the night falls,
I am at my best.
I could topple from the sky for a saunter amongst the wingless owls arbitrarily.
Carrying my futile attempt on serving the sun with a contempt glance,
As I let my imagination run free like nine jockeys in one horse race.
When the night falls,
I am the captain of my own ship.
I could set my course straight to my hiding place without any further ado;
Where I'd sail to where dreams and phantasies collide until the clock strikes two.
But most importantly,
When the night falls, life isn't like crossing a palisade or walking through a horrible gale;
Life isn't like a perpetual movement of climbing up the rickety stairs or losing a bet to the middleman.
Life isn't as stilted as when I stood dead on the yawnful street or as boisterous as the crowds watching King Louis guillotined to death.
Because there is only peace.
The skies may be the blackest black; the air may be the emptiest space,
but none like the night
where I can sit and stare,
and watch as the moon and the stars
shine my way.
Strange pirates, we, who burry our treasure
In the land-locked hollow of a frozen November.
And the preacher's voice, thick with that solemn charm,
Is dizzying in our ears.
Strange pirates, we, who sail without anchor,
Wind-whipped and weary of the salty flavor.
And each swell that beckons with open arms
Is a reckoning to our years.
Strange pirates, we, without pillage or plunder,
Surround ourselves with natural wonders.
Each smile, each laugh, each body warm,
Is a borrowed blessing held dear.
Strange pirates, we, who, when our bodies grow cold,
Call out to all our kindred souls
And ask nothing more than to be remembered
As our memories turn to gold.
And each bell that tolls in a land-locked whenever
Will remind us of treasure for all our years.
Don't jerk the Genie
Peg-leg Pete, the pirate, in the good old days of old;
found a sealed amphora, whilst searching for some gold.
The label bore a warning &amp; a faded, scary skull
but Peg-leg Pete was curious &amp; gave the bung a pull.
The bottle appeared empty, so he gave it quite a shake.
A rumbling, grumbling let him know  a genie was awake!
You didn't ought to do that, you one-legged, one-eyed beast;
to someone who's been fast asleep, a hundred years, at least!
The genie was so angry, like a bear, with a sore head.
You'll only get one wish for that, so make it count. he said.
Only one! poor Pete complained. but I've just set you free.
I've got the very task though, that you can do for me.
Me owd peg-leg has woodworm &amp; me glass-eye's on the blink;
me 'ooks gone rusty &amp; me trusty ship's about to sink.
If you can make me whole again, one wish will be enough.
So, come on grumpy genie, shake a leg &amp; do your stuff!
Make sure you word your wish exact, for there's no going back.
The genie smirked, then got to work &amp; everything went black.
When Pete came round, he quickly found his hook &amp; peg-leg there
&amp; underneath it's tatty patch, his glass-eye's icy stare.
What trick is this, you scurvy dog, you've gone back on your word?
I think not Pete, just look around &amp; see what has occurred.
Your ship is now a merchant &amp; that warehouse on the dock.
It's yours, for import/export work  for honest trade old cock!
Pete
I don't get this, I'm still stood here,
like Ahab, off the whaler.
Genie, smirking
You asked me, quite specifically
to make you a whole-saler!
Briz 5/11/13
Mermaids and pirates
Spending this night together,
A hot starry night
I wish I could've given you some of my thoughts to be yours
You used to take over my incohesive mind
Yesterday I asked for you to take my heavy books, if only you were here
Elves wandering lonely moonlit streets
memories, it's been a while since I last dreamt of you
Thursday re-adapting to freedom passing slippery streets
I wish you could have known my friends to be yours
I guess life takes over people of all kinds
Today I only thought of you when returning home, without that familiar fear
Pirates abandoning stranded wooden ships
melodies,it's been a song from a bar fading into view
February blowing far your figure walking next to me
I wish you will give me a "hello" one day to be mine
I leave you in a dusty shelf untouched by time
Tomorrow I'll forget you a little more till you become transparent, a broken tear
Duchesses dancing by themselves with no prince
mysteries, it's been a question how I now trust a few
This year breath-taking my soul from longing for your kiss
Here I sit, quietly and peacefully,
while the rest are out drinking,
planning their boring futures,
meeting their soul mates.
Here I sit, wondering and gazing,
how great my life would be,
If I got my Hogwarts letter at 11,
Experiencing the world of wizards.
Here I sit, thinking and guessing
How different my life would be
If I went fishing and found a rare gold ring,
A ring that would bring so much change in the world.
Here I sit, giggling and imagining
How different my life would be
If my best friend was Captain Jack Sparrow,
And live our lives plundering and sailing on open seas.
Here I sit, realising,
Its all a dream of mine,
Just wishful thinking.
About what could be.
Here I sit, not alone,
But with many like me
Wishing that this could be real.
Trying to create what isn't.
there are two types of whiskey,
there's the chockey
<em>famous grouse</em>,
which i once "tamed"
as a gouse,
and then there's the smoked
solomon, sorry,
salmon,
equivalent to <em>bell's</em>...
as there is also an attempt at
humour...
because what did i do while
in kenya?
fuck, slept in the open on
a beach resort throughout
the night,
kept myself chasing shadows,
pretended to be a tourist
with the italians,
ping-ponged with the germans...
wrote a
mediocre story addressed to
my grandfather
about an elephant dunking
its trunk into a bottle of vodka...
and?
just lounged on a balcony
with a macaque monkey or two,
feeding with satchets of sugar,
telling the grounds keeper
when a pirate baboon became
audacious... shouting:
hey! sling shot that fucking
leech, attached to a whale,
there, here, whereever!

get off my baboon!
which sounds as ridiculous
as wearing a top-hat...
aren't kenyan girls pretty
though?
i can compare them
to, something the falling of snow
in england, notably essex...
that paraphrase of glee...
fuck, just thinking about
it makes me want to rewatch
<em>braveyard</em>...<em>woah'd!</em> 'n'
blue... fucking picts...

but you know how a kenyan
girl's skin glees, when not oiled
and how the snow in england
also shows?

fuck, jump into the indian
ocean
and wreck your hand on a coral
protrusion...
imbediment,
hell, several nouns later,
digested by a thesaurus...
me, climbing into a zoo cage with
a gorilla makes more sense
at this point,
with me replying:
let's throw turd at the cage bars
together...
because? frankly?
i'm way past practising <em>judo</em>
with you.
hey... way better:
let's play pope!
fucker couldn't tell whether i
was blinking, playing darts,
or whether i was actually blind...
but hey... 'ere come the shades...
yet the greasy, brown,
buttocks of <em>mombasa</em>,
dust and prayer, scuttling hundreds
on their bare feet making
the sand a worthwhile grind
tool... as if: and it was walked on,
prior to you, prior to you, prior
to you, and prior to you...
macaque monkeys on a balcony
fed sachets of sugar
with a white boy lounging
bewildered by:
there's no impetus for me
to craft a cage...
hell, that was me...

and there was also a muhammad
who wanted to invite me
to his crocodile farm....
boots, boots is all i heard...
oh far gone the snapper,
just a shoe industry...
first time i witnessed
a woman in a pool swimming in
a burqini...
a bit like teaching
a child in his pyjamas being
taught to stay afloat...
napkin, two colour
suite... bam!
a table clotch pulled from
beneath all the table attire,
and no church bell ringing.

i'd love to climb into a zoo cage
with a gorilla these days... why?
dunno...
just feels appropriate to
feel like <em>meat</em> these days...
after doing a prostitute in
and then "having" to meet her son...
or like pulling a black girl,
going back to her home,
with her thugging her children
of her bed,
her imitation of a vagina
by clasping her legs together
ensuring i'd shoot, but not aim...
and then the poor afro midget
waking me in the night,
and me, having to grab him,
with touching bodies
laying him onto myself?
listen,
i was sleeping, and he was
just sucking on an imitation
of a nipple... where was i going to
put him?!
sure, afro, frizzly hair,
unfortunate how
pubes translate on both
face, head, and pubic region...
now i know why
growing facial hair has become
so intimidating to women...
kenyan women are beautiful though,
like peering at snow
in england in the night...
a sight of illumination,
seemingly oiled, but not really...
all you need right now...
is an oyster, and a tongue.
He waits for the wind to carry him home,
Across waves that rise and fall with
The pulsing of his aching heart,
She waits on rocks by the shipwreck,
Wondering how he got away,
He counts his blessings and clutches his chest,
The lurching feeling fading with the haunting
Visions of the flames in <em>her</em> eyes,
She cries and buries her face into her hands,
Tears forming shallow bodies of water
Like the rock pools where she dreamed of
<strong>Capturing</strong><em>his</em> heart.
Within the cabin you can feel it
Crawling on your skin like disease
Out of the window you see the secret
Atop of waves, sailing the high seas
The scars of sin wear you thin
You look within but where to begin?
Alas, land ahead
Maybe this is the end of your dread
But death comes to you instead
The hangman waits
He readies the ropes
And all of your hopes
Remain at sea
Along the lines
You find in time
Moments that make it worth the crime
Gently he'll take her in his arms,"h! my precious orchid"
he looks deeply in to her eyes, classic lover style, it still works,
that was the hope he finally clung on,her mother would murmur
something away fromhis ears,to be careful, he didn't get her point.
her eyes were bright and deceptive, his Waterloo,those two were,
eyelashes always would flutter, as if she is afraid, he would abduct her,
how romantic, his heart jumps up at once in delight,
a shipful of bounty returning after the hunt of a lifetime!
"Could I call you anytime, please let me, even if it's too late"
she would plead, too cute,then pretend dejection, ah! helikes it
as if he'll deny it and she can't bear that thought, her heart'd break,
he'd say" hy not, I'd anticipate your call all night"
he would stand sentinel,that night, wait for her call
hell, she won't call, not a day!, still can he go and sleep?
he'd meet her with bleary eyes, the day after so apologetic,
she'd get offended at his disheveled , mad look.
"Aren't you my heart's poem, then come to me little more decently"
asking himto keep awake all night, this wasn't her speaking!
"Come to coffeehouse, sharp atfour" she is curt this time.
then, someone will come and inform, "She won'tmake it today"
And when things get muddled, she comes running
and pretend damn apologetic,"Sorry, a fool I am, to hurt you, dear"
never did he tell her what she really was, never asked her to fuck off
she was a shipwreck, spectacular, rescue was someone else's business..
Fire
There's no hiding from pain
you're due. Your worst mistake to this day has been running
Pockets raining change and names
I watched you running
Fire
Open the wound ignored,
you knew would mend but ran just before salvation. Me?
I
Watched you running
I
Could only watch you run away
Little means anything anymore, now that it's known that you're doing well
Caught in the frame you left me inside, I rest now with gravestones
And in smoke
Imagination sets in as rain washes away soft spoken days we never wrote
Cold
To rectify mistakes
You said, "Your medicine's the same thing I've been taking."
Offered ears that I once gave
I gave up taking
Cold
Burns just as badly
when left to freeze instead of thawing, kept within wings
I
Gave up taking
I
Played it off, silently screaming
Never mind an antidote
Wild necrosis covers
what's left of trees
leaving black bones to tainted earth
Today I met...
A man with sea blue eyes shining from fiery hair
I said "you should be a pirate"
Then Effie piped "Let's turn this bus into a ship"
He mined for gold in Australia
Working 12 hour days and nights
Visiting home he found bad repute
In Coromandal's strong anti-mining activism.
He complained about the packaging
Of the tourist L&P; ice-cream he'd bought
"It should all be cardboard and wooden spoons"
The miner turned environmentalist?
Did the activists hear him out?
Behind him,
A man with eyes enclosed in triangle parentheses,
A tattoo of reminder.
- Reminder that being locked up is a waste of time, of life.
- Realization that being in that crowd caused trouble. Drugs ain't the thing. And
- Regret. It caused him to care for young minds, to teach what he had learnt.
"I was only in there for drink driving" but for two years?
He left at Paeroa College, "take care",
Not hearing our "thank you for sharing"
At our transfer we serenaded
In happy gratitude and spontaneity
The pirate watched, intrigued.
The drivers; our faithful who had driven us so far
And our newly acquainted about to shuttle us forth;
They watched
'Til ye old faithful lost faith and went on with his duty
A boy stepped off the bus
Listening shyly, hiding.
My bow slipped over out-of-tune strings
Effie's voice rang true, feeling and joy,
Hand strumming, familiar and fond.
A mess of black hair from Colorado
Complained "there's too many guns"
But was a gunsmith "For hunters... I love it"
I held a rifle once,
Scared of its kick and its bite,
A man shouldered it for me,
I pulled the trigger.
Paused. Then relief.
- The clay bird flew on,
Its demise instead the ground
It hit and crumbled.
renowned accidental mean by no means whistling rum runner cannon meridian\
Wow Puerto Rican summer pirate sum Now whale wishing Iberian Blow Conan\
well out westward smell reach beached faking it subsiding solar stream itch diving\
opiate fish polar automatic systa\
genix endurance foul global once upon a judgement winter way dope scissors linger tinker\
niAgArA\
dolls bell Apollo Falls impulsivity crawl inciting seasons HALL spring mite coating WATER\
cheer Full luty nebhel stud revise Hallelujah still fill Lord Rama Ring rock paper fling racket\
eering Ludacris rocketeer inscribe Buddhas pencil\
fizzles shaman lystic violins fiddle\
&shy; In Hyper mode acorns Nirvana\
&shy; reefs repulsing adorned indulgence\
transistor Tesla quilting Albert schizophrenic blizZZZzard Kings entity bliss enter\
fabricating human being in sin you waiting weave abraham leaves waving goodbye arrive\
destitute mammal blessed less infinity kingdom class order family species genus gene googol\
genius plex praying on language needless speaking to say the least seven married majik three\
cumbersome PI Ed. 3 point 1 door to forestal four tall August Lot Giants consuming gunk\
festival hums incoming lust becoming dust muffs spending ungodly honey dismounts chariot\
dismantling wives involving hives manhandling dead ends revolving lives reclusive evolutions\ revolutions dharma ballistic infusion in spite of invites bellows profusion of the Trinity Beast Hulk\
hallowed Hindu Titans beauty leak unleashed eight neat legs hands and deeds endowed\
loving kindness freaks on a leach Highland yang ying Bruce V ying yang Lee\
for Vendetta breach Central Intelligence Agent econometric Lake Taekwondo\
belching kajukenbo Yelp confidence dojo defix six triple sister trix un matching\
style styx\ flex inflict flicK biC hatch imprisoned box batch dix dimension hix\
Its 2 a.m. and the world is sleeping; so quiet,
I can even hear and count my heartbeats;
I am still awake; watching the stars dazzling light,
moon is peeping inside my window like everyday it greets;
Its a beautiful night telling me I am not alone,
and these are the beautiful moments I own.
I am lying on my bed; holding a pillow so tight,
empty streets and dancing trees are beautiful to see;
it lands me in the realm of delight,
and its the best place Id rather be;
Its a beautiful night telling me I am not alone,
and these are the beautiful moments I own.
Fireflies are dancing like stars in the sky,
and trees are playing the background music;
making me feel alive with every moment passes by,
gifting wonderful scenes to click;
Its a beautiful night telling me I am not alone,
and these are the beautiful moments I own.
Cold wind kisses my face and I sigh,
it blows off my candles like it is asking me to sleep;
trees dance for me and sing me a lullaby,
taking away all the reasons to weep;
Its a beautiful night telling me I am not alone,
and these are the beautiful moments I own.
It takes all the bad memories away,
making me feel life is not that bad;
I will thank Lord for gifting me this day,
and for taking away all the reasons to be sad;
Its a beautiful night telling me I am not alone,
and these are the beautiful moments I own.
Moon is sitting by my window in a silver dress,
like it is going to tell me a fairytale;
all about those 7 dwarfs and pirate ships and princess,
till I sleep and forget reasons to wail,
Its a beautiful night telling me I am not alone,
and these are the beautiful moments I own.
Shreya
Connecting,
tribes on the cusp--
the lost family...
merging thought patterns
of old &amp; new paradigms
into a geometric shipibo song
singing in moonlit sky,
smoke gray mauve clouds
are painted into the frozen lake background.
We paint
a new paradise--
together
at the table
on a sacred indigo candlelit map map
for people to set sail
on their journey through the seas of skies of their minds
guiding familiar souls
to speak their treasure light again.
We are the Indigo Pilgrims,
soul brothers reunited
after the frozen season thaws,
pushing on toward the place
where mind-flowers commence their bloom
as herb and sage slowly burns throughout the day
as the smoke dotes across the landscape
like dancing hieroglyphic clouds.
When I am wrinkled, my hair is gray,
I will always see you as you are today.
My love, my love as handsome as can be,
After you, there will be no way my heart will ever be free.
Like a pirate at sea, you captured me.
You took me away from where I once knew,
Showing me some place entirely new.
Once upon a time
You were important.
Once upon a time
They were inquisitive.
They listened.
They asked.
They were fascinated and marvelled
By your stories of the past,
Neglected by fault of ignorance
Sought for through awe-inspiring curiosity.
They believed you possessed
Wisdom and experience,
Knowledge of the otherwise
Unknown.
They gathered around you,
Or perhaps beside you
And in front of a fire
Begging you to speak
Drooling over your words.
You were their entertainment
Like pirates, they wanted you to hand over
Your treasures
Like sharks, they devoured your essence
Like vessels, they slowly disappeared
Surfing away on a web
You never saw, barely know
Or comprehend.
Your services are no longer required
They found a new friend
They call Google,
One followed by a hundred zeros.
You cannot bit that
You do not stand a chance.
Here is where the story gets better
They invented rules for words
The code is political correctness.
It obliges them to pretend,
To respect you
By continuously finding
New flattering definitions for you.
By now, you are not even old anymore
You have lost the right to
Your lifetime achievements award.
You are just older than someone else is.
Older enough to retire
With honours.
They have finally decided
To acknowledge
Your inevitable infirmity.
They are offering you a new perspective
Awarding you with a one-way ticket
Free ride
To your beautiful new home,
So that you can rest.
A well-deserved rest.
You are simply dmod.
The stories you carry
Are of no interest anymore.
Memories are written
Tombstones too.
They are gazing at the future
Drooling over the fantastic
Possibilities.
The book they are reading,
You are not in.
Treasures of the eldest
Buried at sea
Rest assure you will be retrieved,
When a pressing sense of bleakness
Accompanied by devastating guilt,
Will bring them back to you
Compelling them to ask once again
Please tell us stories of the past.
Tis but the flapping of the sail,
And not a rent made by the gale!*
<strong>H. W. Longfellow</strong>
When bureaucrats, with obfuscation
monotone in data-speak
and mumble to their mutinous nation,
bloodless vessels spring a leak.
Scan in vain the rolling breakers;
leadership is out to sea.
Overscripted undertakers
claim to speak for you and me
The Ship of State, adrift, becalmed
floats on; a most ill-fated craft.
The body politic, unembalmed
begins to ripen fore and aft.
The crew, grown callous to the rot
and numbed by such expediency
with one last desperate cannon shot
forsake all hope of mutiny.
While computers spit statistics,
crewmen spread the expectant word;
(no more trust in mere ballistics
hope delayed is hope transferred.)
Make ready to abandon ship !
The captains just a talking head.
Lower the lifeboat, let her rip
before, like him, we end up dead
The Ship of State is rent with breaches
data-leakage, data driven
the lifeboat flounders, coral-riven
seeking distant wave-washed beaches.
This is the finale, this is the conclusion to my brooding views for this classy interlude. Just to let you know that i'll be coming back with another series for yawl to bump to, out with the old, in with the new, I'm just taking a break to figure out what I should do. Talked the talk, did the walk, did or said things that can't be undone or changed, this is what one must do so that the future can truly be rearranged. Call me whatever, call me whenever, complain about my songs, I don't care if you think they're as dreary as some really bad weather. I dedicated myself to tell things as they are, and I believe that through my rhymes that I have been putting out as of late that I have grown pretty far. I never belonged, always the kid alone and depressed, it's like I was internally and externally oppressed. Don't care how I dress, the only thing I address is the screwy crappy world that tries to play with our lives like chess. I confess that I make up half of the crap I say, but dang it all if I can be like burger king and have it my way.
I am blessed, yet such a mess, glory to those who can thrive even though they live with less. Don't know what to believe, but I will not be going back to being on my knees, light crushing darkness because I have found the keys. 50% straight edge, looking to get ahead, looking forward because if I look back I know I'll stay dead. Staining this white washed society red, longing for real democracy, even though right now it's just a imaginative dream I have in my head. Rebel won't let up, always want to get out, going crazy and vicious trying to find what this life is all about. If you can't seem to understand me, oh well, this is not show and tell, and if you don't like it you can go to hell. Oh I'm in my zone, so clear the way for I have a rap dynasty to adhere to, and I have no other way I can say it to make it clearer for you.
So many blurred lines trying to cover up the ugly truth, get carried away sometimes, but honestly I yearn for finding the truth. What if there is no truth, just some unexplainable conundrums that we shouldn't really question, I won't take that suggestion, there are answers to find, there are things that need correction and clarification. I hope that there is a reason why we exist, no trick or twists, I accept my duty and am prepared to take the risks. Classy Interlude pt.3, not going to take a knee and surrender the ball, third and long but I will give it everything that I have, darn right that i'll push through all these walls. Breaking barriers, yeah breaking stereotypes and statistics, proving all you crackers wrong who say that making a difference is unrealistic. I will not be stopped, staying firm like a rock, so back off , keep whacking off, i'll do me, should not have left the door unlocked. Through the times of greatness and travesty, i'll keep my vanity, don't shoot to kill because I still have an ounce of humanity. Though I struggle, though I go through boat loads of pain, I'll keep being sane, I won't let you get into my brain.
I know i will never be able to do this alone, I chose long ago to not just be another clone, so go ahead keep spying on me with your drones. I don't care, screw the industry, I prefer having individuality, free land and speech, I have been unplugged so I guess that makes me a abnormality trying to fix this world's big cavity. Screw people man, I try being nice, but people are pests they no better than a bunch of lice. Stupid groupies that listen to white boys like vanilla ice, yeah ice, ice baby, you need Jesus Christ, don't know a thing about real rap, so no wonder that you can't handle my brooding sharp lines that have taken rap away like it were a heist. Have to break some eggs to make an omelette, no parley here mate, breaking in like a pirate, busting your heads like balloons, it's like I'm playing poppit. Stop this, now let me continue to rock this, I am my own boss bro, so in other words, you'll never ever be able to stop this.
Moving to the top, giving it everything I got, classy interlude pt.3 bro, so many shots, got youstarting to feel so tardy as an apricot. Just kidding, this is why you should be listening, I just got so much energy, if you think you can do better, your just day dreaming. Future class blasting into mainstream like hey, underground was fun but now I'm big and everyone wants to be with me and get shady, and I know that the only reason is that they want my gravy. I'm banking, tanking through obstacles, mine scraping through touchy subjects even though I don't care what I say about these tender debacles. I say what I want, not about to ride the offensive guidelines d<em>*</em>, bleep my words all you want but you can't make me disappear like some magic trick. Mr. Class himself, you just got to believe in me, trust that i'll keep busting, have faith that i'll never sell out and keep on hustling. So adieu for now, but i'll be back to venture into new beginnings with a bang bang, pow.
Letting your thoughts flow free
Your spirit is so kind,
I never thought my man to be
Would have such a similar mind.
I simply cannot fathom
The way you understand,
Why dont we open an asylum
Where our world is never bland.
You delightfully inspire my soul
With the way you hold my hand,
My heart you quickly stole
And nothing has ever been so grand.
I never thought I'd be this cutesy
But they say that love is blind,
I'll always be your little gypsy
Our souls forever entwined.
There is a shipwreck between your ribs and it took eighteen years
for me to understand how to understand your kind of drowning.
There are people who cannot be held quietly. There are screams
that are never externalized. If I looked at the photo albums of your
past twenty years, all I would find are decibel meter graphs of
phone calls and the intensity of your silence as you sat
smoking cigarettes in the garage.
There is a shipwreck between your ribs. You are a box with
fragile written on it, and so many people have not handled you
with care.
And for the first time, I understand that I will never know
how to apologize for being
one of them.
Shinji Moon
I threw my heart port side
I didn't want it anymore
I watched it sink
so
deep
down
and

now:
It is an orphanage for shipwrecks
It is a home in the dark
When it thinks no one can see
It bleeds
I feel it bleed
Hearts are supposed to be light
But mines made of iron
And sunken fathoms
after a while
you get used to being a shipwreck
but some days
you still get that sinking feeling
all over again
and those are the hardest days
Am I sick?
Am I a shipwreck?
My soul is taken
My heart is broken
My love is stolen
My voice is frozen
I don't wanna give
I just wanna take
I just wanna live.
I am gradually falling in love
with the concept of us.
Us together.
Two poets in love,
sipping our fancy tea.
Come hammock with me,
on a beach of
star-studded
lake softened
pebbles,
I'll paint pictures
from sun-baked colors,
while you paint
images with light
and glass lenses.
Sailing while freckles
pop up on our shoulders,
your strong hands on the helm.
We'd be wind pirates,
lake waves
would spray
our laughing faces.
You and I
both crave human contact,
like we crave crisp cold air.
Old movies would sprinkle our skin
with black and white,
and our arms would intertwine.
We could cook together,
try spicy things.
The music of popping butter
would feed our souls.
We'd kiss our cats,
and walk our dogs,
side by side,
if you were mine.
I know it's strange,
and as I write,
I'm helping you win another girl,
and we're miles apart...
But if this were one
of those eighties
romantic comedies,
we'd be the best friends
who saw each other with new eyes
before the credits rolled.
And it'd be some kind of wonderful.
After bringing to the ship the women they had found
On the shore, the pirates asked about the rest of the women.
Rosa said, ''they disappeared in the water splashing around
And died from drowning in the sea; now, maybe they're in Heaven.''
Then, they asked about Fargo and Chiara said that he
Had been sent to search for water. They took a boat to go
To the shore, but they found no one, '' somewhere he could flee.''
Three men stayed on the shore and others searched for Fargo.
While dominating the new world, Spain used its ships to cart
Great riches from there; Marco and Rosa chose to come back
This way wanting to hide their gold until selling it at a mart.
From somewhere, those armed robbers have followed them in their track.
They wanted to steal their gold, the ship's cargo, the oil,
And that fuel being bought from the Empires wells to sell them
At the Lisbon's black market; to acquire wealth, they did not toil.
There was no law to condemn them, but they could condemn.
They took Marco and used four cords to tie his hands and his legs
Onto four stakes, they had fixed in the deck at a distance.
His body was pendent in the air; being punched by his dreads,
He was thrashed by them with sticks to end his last resistance.
When Marco prayed for God to save him from the suffering,
Another pirate took the cat; and, when Marco received
Two dozens to faint, he felt pulled apart without rupturing
When he was taken down, he could not stand; he was deceived.
Then, he took two dozens once more; his flesh was hanging in strips.
They used also the cat of nine tails to whip him so badly.
He was a Jewish and ''Deuteronomy'' came on his lips.
With salt on wounds, he couldn't believe they could hate so madly.
(Marco died.)
They beat Rosa with the butt of their guns to say if there was
More hidden gold; after Marco's death, one of the pirates
Married Rosa; he kissed her, ''I'll be rich- please no applause, ''
He said laughing; his love was too brutal for her iris.
In bed, she was immobilized by her fear; when they
Exited out from the cabin, he said, '' I've lain with my bitch.''
These words petrified her; she knelt while starting to pray.
When she finished, he killed her saying, ''Now, I'm very rich.''
A pirate came back saying,  ''he didn't return to the beach.''
''Maybe he was bitten by a snake,  Tomorrow morning,
At dawn, take these dogs along on searches; watch them in reach
Of the steps of Fargo until the dogs give you a warning.''
Lucca said, Im an Italian diplomat.'' One pirate
Laughed and told him that they were hired by that strange man; served
Another government, '' your death will be a twist of fate.''
''Let me live! '' ''You're asking for something which you do not deserve.''
''I can pay for my life, '' ''No deal- gives us those documents.''
The pirates stuck some candles around the mizzenmast and they
Surrounded it having swords in their hands, ''twist your arguments.''
Lucca had to enter this circle, ''now, we sing and you play.''
Lucca was forced to run while another pirate used
Bella's violin to play a merry Jig and while each
Pirate cut him with his weapon; he screamed and they were amused.
They kept him dancing until he confessed while starting to preach.
After that, one of them took some boiling water to pour it
Into Lucca's ears; the pirates tortured him to reveal
Where the scrap of his wealth and his documents might be concealed.
They hung Lucca by his feet and submerged him as a fish meal.
(Then, he collapsed. In the sea, he was left for dying.)
Then, they murdered Gino, Nico, and Dino by tying
Cannonballs to their feet and by pushing them overboard.
Other victims were locked in wrist and leg irons being
Held on the ships deck; they stopped when they saw the moon they adored.
(They needed to rest because the night was coming.)
(To be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
WE sit
WE talk
WE cry
WE walk
WE fight
WE FLIGHT
STILL LOVES
INSIGHT
WE apologise
WE recognize
WE say our truths
NO
IN BETWEEN
WE pledge
WE hug
WE learn
Moving on
With love song
WE CARESS
WE EMBRACE
WE MAKE LOVE
AND START ALL OVER AGAIN
ME &amp; YOU
YOU &amp; ME
IS "WE"
KingandQueen Productions
Pirate Airways
i joined a sports team
because i felt ignored
and movies make it look like a team leads to
pirate, swashbuckling friendships
that leave you emotionally changed.
well, the other girls got that
i try to speak and they don't look at me
i bring in cupcakes and they don't thank me
it's only when they need someone to help them that they talk to me
which is not unlike everyone else.
well, it did do one thing that was promised
i have <em>changed</em>
people are as good as they are unfeeling
for every kind soul i meet
there is another that would happily leave me jaded
and i'm already cynical
do not speak to me of your problems if you refuse to hear my own
i want your kindess
and your fairness
not a blind eye
you are full of tears
but that does not make you sad
you can get emotional but you are so much more than a shipwreck
maybe you get upset sometimes but that does not reduce you to a puddle of saltwater
you am so much more than sad.
you are strong, you are intelligent,
you are sweet, you are wonderful.
maybe you are sad but you are also inspiring and beautiful and valuable and unique
do not ever let yourself be defined by an illness. do not let a boy leave you because you are "sad", because you are so much more than a tear on your cheek, you are so much more than ugly crying, you are so much more than smeared makeup and sad is a feeling, not a state of being, not a personality trait.
do not ever let yourself be reduced to just "sad"
and tell that boy to go fuck himself because <em>you are so much more</em> than sad
Neverland is home for lost boys
Boys who are young at heart
Lost from reality
Family no matter what
Neverland is magical
So much pixie dust its enticing
Faith, trust, and pixie dust is key
Neverland is where time will pass no more
We'll dance and talk like little kids
We celebrate late into the magical night
Imagination and absurdity is embraced
Neverland is full of adventures
Where mermaids swim and pirates fight
Run through the jungle laughing
We poke fun at Captain Hook
Play fight with sticks
Neverland is paradise
Where we follow and ensure that the everlasting imagination is forever
Maturity and structure is taken away
Absurdity and imagination is embraced
Neverland is
"The second star to the right and straight on till morning!"
Tequila on my lips
Clapton in my ears
Withnail &amp; I on my mind
Why is it so bloody cold??
Im nested right in the centre of a cultural and social vortex. A black hole for creativity and uniqueness. Its like a Jeremy Kyle show filmed on the set of Downton Abbey. Not that I ever watched it.
Shropshire. What is this place? Why is it here?? What does it do??
Besides sap life, love and the pursuit of drunkenness out of yours truly. Thats wrong. I drink more than ever here. Which baffles me even more that I appear to be alone in my pursuits of rigorous carbohydrate loading.
Im a pirate, an outlaw, a throwback. A regurgitated child of some other era, hacked out the back of the throat of life. Just after itd cut a gram in half and took one for each nostril and here I am. The too much drip.
Im waffling. Of course I am. Im drunk. My days excitement has consisted of cleaning a screwdriver stain out of the carpet from some point in the past 7 days.
I should write something that rhymes for fear of the poetry police!
Cold and sat with my friend
A pal who is there til the end
A brother who wont let go
My man Jose Cuervo
Words can
EXPRESS
how you
FEEL
from
Hurt to love to things
UNREAL
Words can cut like a knife
R
Make you fall in love
With the same person
Twice
WORDS
Can embrace you
Rape you
Take you to another place
WORDS
Can
Healyou caress you
STEAL YOUR
HEART
r rip &amp; TEAR it apart
WORDS
KingandQueen Productions
Pirate Airways
My bed is my home
It is my ship that I entrust my life to
I fight pirates and creatures from the deep
I loot treasure and seek adventure
With my bed
My bed is a thing of beauty
If I go, then my bed goes, too
I race around the track a few hundred times
I go left in my racecar until I cant go left anymore
With my bed
My bed is my sanctuary
I am never alone when going out into the unknown
I go where no man has ever gone before
A piece of furniture has reached the final frontier
My bed
Above all else
Whether its a ship
A super fast car
Or an orbiting rocket
My bed is my bed
My bed is my own
I sleep in it
I dream with it
I love in it
I need it
My bed is my final destination
Home is where the heart is
My heart is in my dreams
My dreams are in
My bed
COMMITTE
2
NEW BEGINNINGS
INSTEAD HOLD ON TO THE PASS
COMMITTE
2
THE FUTURE
4 THE PASS IS GONE
STOP LOOKING BACK
STEADY DRAGGING THE PAST ALONG
COMMITTE
2
RENEWING OUR LOVE
FIND OLD THINGS THAT MADE OUR LOVE STRONG
RECOMMITTE
2
US, OUR LIFE, OUR PATH
&amp; STOP PLS STOP
MAKING US RELIVE THE PASS
KINGANDQUEEN PRODUCTIONS
PIRATE AIRWAYS
The chilly breeze carries the nights secrets on its shoulders
Ivory skin transformed, goose bumps, feeling colder
Smoke twirls and swirls up towards heaven
Heart flutters and ashes fall and smolder
Cell phone in a denim back-pocket
Ring tone like a space rocket
Finally, Blast off
Voice like silk and sweet cream
An invitation offered in this wild dream
Heavy breath on the nape of a white neck
A first kiss leading to nibbling, sighing, steam
Moonlight on the twisted sheets, spotted shipwreck
Gray clouds, lightning and strong winds signal Rain Check
It all started off innocent enough
To take a slight edge off the pain
Some days seem worse than others
So you take a few more I'm afraid
Before too long the battle is gone
You don't dare go back to the doctor
So you take to the streets to meet demanding needs
With no option of over the counter
As all addictions do they stop working for you
And eventually bite like an ungrateful dog
The only reason you know is your friends tell you so
In your shipwreck of a drug laden fog
You try and think back on the life you once had
Before you first swallowed this hell
But with a mind that's not clear to point you anywhere
Your past is too far back to tell
You pray for normalcy but never down on your knees
Afraid that you might get your wish
Not sure you could let go the only comfort you know
In this cruel world of hit and miss
Still if you could go back you'd jump at the chance
To not have given your soul away
In the form of a pill that doesn't care what it steals
Leaving behind death in its wake
We used to play Cowboys
We used to play Indians
We used to play Pirates
Sailing swift the Caribbean
Now we play worn out Doctors
Accountants counting others millions
Now we play overworked Business Men
Stuck behind cubicles locked inside buildings
We used to climb mountains
Explore backyard jungles
Always at the ready to take
The adventure set before us
Now we set the alarm
Every morning to wake us
Not ready for the adventure
Or where it will take us
We used to fly high like birds
Not knowing our limits
Along the way take what others would say
Knowing they really meant it
Now all we do is drive
Each other insane
Putting up with lie after lie
Day after day
We used to be kids
We used to have fun
Something we seem to have left behind
The day we grew up
I once set sail to a shipwreck and no ones heard back from me yet.
Whether or not this storm can be weathered, my torn sails and bruised masts will be seen fighting the futile.
And whether or not theres coming back from this, I wont dock at familiar shores for a while.
This salty shame-filled seawater may as well be the blood that flows so reluctantly through my veins because inside it all feels the same and at least then I could give the ocean some of this blame.
Even now, Im still made of rotten wood and rusted nails,
I just got better at sinking.
And I still take the time to entertain all the pretty little what-ifs, but time is not on our side so maybe Ill take a break from thinking.
And Im tired of throwing buckets full of water over my head hoping I dont slip,
So maybe Ill take a break from going down with the ship.
See my wooden heart feels a lot heavier than the one hidden under my ribcage.
And its been a while since these waves lent me a victory in the war I wage.
So maybe I can take note from the tide and change.
Because I'm so fucking tired of trying to figure out how I wound up on this page.
Blame it on bad luck, blame it on love, blame it on god,blame it on the price of a new heart, blame it on a bad start, blame it on the goddamn weather,
But even as the water rises, I can still hear the echoing lament of a would-be sailor,
I swear I can be better.
Those who choose to dig deeper
must be willing to accept the dirt as truth
and the mess as proof
The only resolve is sharing tha loot
with those who seek not to be aloof
those who can recycle
improve reuse
Otherwise your pursuit becomes futile and vanity in roots
That holds you trapped in a place that never bore fruit.
Like a Pirate
Tied to a ship
who's sunken into
frozen winter drifts
Yelling at everyone who passes by
Uneffected Bitter Colder Less Productive
An Ivory Tusk Burned in private on public telivision
I've blasted my way
across the entire universe,
a member of a special operations team, we take no prisoners,
leave a wasteland behind us.
Once,
I stopped an alien invasion.
I single-handedly destroyed
an entire nation of grays
from taking over the planet Earth.
I was a hero in the cyborg wars, too.
I blew apart all of their starships,
&amp; even unwired their motherboard.
Last month,
I defeated a whole fleet of pirates,
used my sword to cut body parts
&amp; whack bearded-heads,
sunk a lot of their ships as well.
In fact,
every opponent
I've ever faced,
I've left belly up,
stone cold dead
behind my closed doors.
I am a signed document
a fit of freedom written in last minute ink
My hair the lustrous curls of knowing
what its like to unwind a little.
My breath is the mist of the Baltic Sea, rising to meet the heat
of an argument, a moment, a feeling.
I light a fire with my pen.
I hide my tired eyes, clenched jaw
and write with a tight grip.
Voices echo through the forest,
<em>Rvolution ! Commencer la revolution !</em>
Trees fall to thunder.
Self-doubt sinks to the bottom of my sea
like a shipwreck. My armies trench through fields
mowed in circles
the rings moving out like zen,
and I practice tai chi in the middle of battle
finding peace at last.
Now I live a lifetime of summer.
She rose the lifted gypsy smile
Little womenBig-spender
Gimic
Desperate housewives selling
their soulful tears epidemic
This wasn't 666 Satan heart broke
Got to Lee Remick when she spoke
Going to Denmark Gypsy booth
You could feel the white satin
Saturday in the park dictator
with Stalin, her lips moistened
with her watermelon
But why so manic
Zero tears to panic
City frantic the <em>Rose</em> sensual erotic
Over a tear-drop dangling
Love waiting anticipating
How she smiles her earring
drops down waves
fight her fear
The big whale
don't flip my tear
Holiday she's the jingle cash
register Knighting meets Gale
nothing didn't register
Let me entertain you, shy tease
Natalie, Clue lounge tears Grunge
So strange they stripped away
scarecrow harvestOctober
Remember the Nile love
November
The nightmare gypsy
unfortunate events
No comments
The holiday wasn't
exactly aSupercalifragilistic
*$ ++ monarch
But she wears herself whip cream
lick
Going for the blue crying her eyes
out "Blue-Terry Cloth"was sick
eye velvet' the men of the cloth
So religiously afraid ofthe
GothRosy Lee path
Left her aroma mark
The world is a blackout
Her shoutbox rosy boot
So creepy like a fox-trot
So much to upkeep
Memory lane yellow
brick road
Brown-coffee-accident spilled
she yelled demons allowed
The buyer made me
Accountantclicking tears
Gypsytug of war
Doll Raggetty Annie Oakley
Crystal Expensive tear
doesn't come cheapmoney
50 winks who wants to sleep
Rose Pomedeur widow weeps
What a square Mr bigfoot
Get off of my cloud boot
Moved her rolling stone
Her tear was in the plate he didn't
even have the heart to pick it up
French danish pastry so prim and
proper
Another naked spy bad romance
Her cry needed to be homemade
like her rose candles
The roaring twenty- she's 13 going
on thirty
Gypsy of forty your getting old
but flirty
(Shes so Harvard) Sugar daddies
forever young
Help me Rhonda teardrop tipsy
Graduation Cap the eye owl gypsy
Jeremy the beamer drummer
Gypsy Rose hummer
A thousand tears her death card
People have no regard
Living on a crystal tear end
He's her bookend so beat in
her beatnik house
All staged Cher the Gypsy outfits
Cry babes girl product
Whatconduct Rose -Lee spanked
on her knee tears popped the waterbed
He never showed one tear
Cry me a river crystalline diary
All preliminaries
We missed her lonely sober tear
Mona Lisa Mona Lisa how the men
have met you how death becomes
you
I'm not buying your cry I was deeply
hurt it set such an impact
The -new- Boy George culture of tears
Over-erase she highly medicated
More I see youhaving affairs
happy, sad, overjoyed,
you have been had
Carribean Depp Pirate rotten teeth
Statue of liberty is crying at birth
I am not going to lower my
standards just skip
Cinderella so sinister to sweep
Wizard at her boutique
Mysteriously eyes unique
Best tear to enhance is always
the antique now start crying
I swam in the same water
Somebody died in
I guess the same is true
for most water
(I think).
The water we drink
has been used
drip after slow drip
to drive Someone
to the brink of insanity.
no doubt.
At one point
your warm, smooth, bathwater
was choppy,
salty, grave
to more than one
unlucky
sailor, pirate or slave.
The water is the same
perhaps arranged a
different way..
Know it is the same
deep, ambient killer.
Still we swim,
and still we bathe.
This water felt, looked,
I swear I thought it was pure.
A humble lake
quietly licking the salty shores
not looking for a life to take.
We fished those waters
earlier that day
hobbling in our canoe
and barely hanging on
but smiling.
I imagine he was like that, too.
Drunk from beer and the thrill
of midnight swimming.
Nobody, not even he
saw what was coming
until the lights came on:
flickering and then
too constant
red and blue and
I can only hope
that bright, blinding white.
Drunken fools know not
what is at stake.
We were forced awake
by little sister
frantic but relieved
it was not us
at the bottom of the lake.
I used to feel the tides
Feel at ease with them
Let the water wash over me
I used to be
Where the water met the land
The oceans wave at me
And used to drown
At low tide
The sea watching me recede
I used to
Be high as I watched the tide
Rolling in at night
But all the sharks
And shipwrecks
Riptides to pull me under
My nautical affinity
I fear
I may never see the ocean again
It was chemistry
Like cloning
I could feel our souls recognizing each other
This wasn't the first time
We've met before
I was your slave in ancient Egypt
Your sister as we burned, accused as witches
I stole you from your bethroved
As we sailed away on my pirate ship
Over the centuries we have found each other
As sisters
Friends
More than often lovers
Today they'd say we were
"Meant to be"
While poets call us
Soulmates
It seems like just yesterday that I was ten
Still new to the world and what it holds
Some people will hold you back
Some will push you to hard
You either grow up too fast or too slow
There is no in between
And I have so many questions
Most that I will never know the answer to.
It seems like just yesterday that I was five
Playing in the backyard
Getting into my siblings things
Lying to get out of trouble
It was just princess and pirates
Mickey and Minnie Mouse
You just have to stay out the big guys way
and you will be just fine
I didnt have to deal with the weight of the world
Fights were for fun
fought with water guns.
Now everyone is watching your every move
Talking, yelling, lying about you
What has the world come to
Killing time, more like killing each other
Thats why I act like a child sometimes
To remember the time where everything was a-okay
I like to play pretend
to forget this world
and make a new one in my mind.
It seems like just yesterday
But time doesnt wait for anyone.
.
Everyone pretendin
They not knowin
Everything
And lo ! The stranger
From out of the darkness
Right on time
;:;
Some say
All the cities are burnin
//
Some say
The whole earth is dead
//
( &amp; then
Of course
There are the pessimists )
;:;/
the young girl by the stream in the woods
Draws forth the water for the dawn
)(
( &amp; then she let's her dress slip off
And ......
WAIT ! WAIT ! WAIT !
I was thinking of a Hollywood movie !
This is just a poem )
(;:/
She draws the water to take to the boys in the field
""
there is talk about a holy mother
But she just talks about the Pittsburg Pirates
;:)(
In her heart she holds you dearly
Every one
:/
She is my sister
I've known her for 1000 years
Into the night I softly went
and treaded on sleepers' dreams.
Those quiet hours though were spent
not as quietly as it would seem.
Through the dreamers' eyes I saw
dragons fall and kings mighty rise;
other worlds at which to awe
were sprung to life before my eyes.
I danced among the expanse of stars
of colours only the mind can sight,
and in the waters of Lethe's reservoir
submerged and took delight.
There were mermaids and pirates there,
a chesire cat upon the crescent moon,
castles high up in the air
held aloft with big baloons.
To think that when they awake
these wonders they won't recall.
All they see here they do forsake -
to dreams they leave it all.
But when the hour breathes the dawn
and the dreamers' eyes hold the day,
I find my night still beating on -
with my dreams I choose to stay.
I amyet what I am none cares or knows;
My friends forsake me like a memory lost:
I am the self-consumer of my woes
They rise and vanish in oblivious host,
Like shadows in loves frenzied stifled throes
And yet I am, and livelike vapours tossed
Into the nothingness of scorn and noise,
Into the living sea of waking dreams,
Where there is neither sense of life or joys,
But the vast shipwreck of my lifes esteems;
Even the dearest that I loved the best
Are strangenay, rather, stranger than the rest.
I long for scenes where man hath never trod
A place where woman never smiled or wept
There to abide with my Creator, God,
And sleep as I in childhood sweetly slept,
Untroubling and untroubled where I lie
The grass belowabove the vaulted sky.
I am the white gothic style driving up the walls like the black widow
Producing the silk threads and weaving a tapestry
Binding strange shadows together to get a bite of that electric heart
Embedded within my eyes, are the emeralds the pirates seek
They travel the seven seas, lost in a frozen fever
Knowing their quest will end when they drink the green poison
We call home, when our worlds collide
As the comets crash into frozen lakes
On a December night we are paranoid by the edge that listens to our fears
"They admire us" a bucktoothed pirate
stinking liquor and wearingclothes unwashed
straight for an year at least, beams
with such ill founded pride;
pirates are called other names
that sound ironically like accolades!
Protective Gods wielding punitive powers too,
on the other hand, did you notice,
are feared like autocratic patriarchs,
and hated secretly for their temper,
a long standing problem, this! a clear case of
warpedhuman imagination, I'dguess
why not God almighty, find some time
to set right this one problem vexing us for so long!
-page 1
We set a code name in behalf of our mutuality as jayming,
Stands for Jayme and jing2, and I love it!
At first, I was so afraid to enter that kind of connection bet us,
But, she make me inspired to go with it,
You are my first and I am so proud of it,
Im so proud of your characteristics, because of this amount of quantities:
Amount of kindness, intelligent, loving, caring, humble, helpful, and all positive attitude,
I said to myself that, I am so lucky to have this little girl,
Because they have the same characteristics with my mother,
That I can conclude that there is a better future for my own family (w/ her of course).
She said that, she likes me on how a joker I am (but she is not a good joker, she knows it),
And I am happy too to look that smile of her,
That smile makes me wild, wild as lion..aa tiger-chicken .hehe
It make my world so wild, a lot of life, and a full of happiness with God.
My first kiss was so memorable,
I think it already thousand times I remember it, and that memory eats terabyte memory on my mind,
Since lessons, such calculus, theory of structures, and designs eats only 100KB in my memory
Hows that file? I think it is super HD Movie that I permanently saves in my memory. Forever.
Since the time that she comes in my life, it change from seed to lumber trusses,
Seeds because, I think I am afraid to face the word like to face a lot of people,
That is cover with seed shell that is full of fear and darkness,
And never grows and getting much matured,
But, that time comes,
It makes me from seed to lumber trusses that is so strong to carry the loads,
Loads such as problems, loss of confident to continue my studies, and pressures of being low IQ,
She is the Civil Engineer of my life, hence she design those sizes of lumbers and web member to make me tough,
And for four years, she is also may anti termites thats serves as temptations to do bad things.
She makes my own History and I can produce a lot of copies of that book as editor.
I titled it Treasures and Pirates
Why? She is the Pirate and she took all of my treasure, and that treasures is my heart.
She takes my heart, and as of now, she never took it back.
when misfortune tries to shipwreck my future and i'menslaved by chains of doubt ,you reach out a gentle loving hand to me ,suddenly its clear what love is really about.when fear with deadly hands slowly chokes life out of my dreams and I want to stay in bed with the covers over head,whatever strength was inside leaks in a run like a fleeting bride.your loverecapturesthat escaped. when wide eyed unrest disturbs thechurch of my familiar it seems to be if your not near and the music of time skips in an uneven beat.when your arms circle around this hungry wraist the touch is sunfire
I am the siren
I shipwreck soldiers
Leaving them stranded on salty shores
I sing sweet songs that can turn a bitter heart
Into sugar.
I carry the weight of the world on my shoulders.
He goes to the basement, without a word he flys
To grab a sufficent sourse of numbness
To write freely and speak not so clearly
But to engage of times of the unknown and times of Modern times
The weather tide, the things of our demise
And the music rides, and the glass clinks
Goodbye to on time
hello to sweet dreams highs
Rummy is a card game
Rum isn't for the hard weak
It's not win to fame when you're
Slugging back rum
It's not fun, it gags and try's to overthrow your reflexes
To misconcept your reasons
Why rum is for pirates and not for mere kitchen writers
The rings of hatred and necklaces of sadness lay,
The chaotic tide helped it to gazillion deceitful shores,
The storm stayed strong and showed no love,
And life itself was the pirate that stole her crown,
But the box held on the surface, a beauty the sea agreed with,
And together they took a never ending search to the Island of freedom
Twas in the nineteen-twenties, when young people were bright and gay,
A flapper left Southampton, on a cruiser bound for Bombay.
Her fianc was a subaltern, in India, in the cavalry,
And she had taken passage there, intending, him to marry.
She shared a cabin with a girl, cause money was quite tight,
And though they had met as strangers, they were getting on all right.
The flapper had met some nice people, and things were going fine,
Until they reached the equator, and had to cross the line.
People who before, had never the equator crossed,
Paraded around in fancy dress, and some into the pool were tossed.
The crew were dressed as pirates, and one as King Neptune,
And some of the passengers walked the plank, it was all done in fun.
During the proceedings, cocktails and champagne were drunk,
And the pirates, lots of passengers, into the pool did dunk.
The flappers chosen costume was that of a mermaid,
And with her legs placed in the tail, she hopped in the parade.
Because of her restricting costume, she hadnt been tossed in the pool,
Now eventime was coming on, the air was turning cool.
She thought shed look at the wake of the ship, so she hopped to the after-rail,
And stood there drinking a Planters Punch, whilst balancing on her tail.
Standing there, under the stars, she gazed down at the sea,
And saw something jump out of the water and wondered what it could be.
Then, leaning over further, to try to make it out,
She lost her balance and fell overboard, no time to even shout.
She crashed to the water on her front, and couldnt clearly think.
She was winded and rather drunk, because of all the drink.
She struggled hard to keep afloat, her arms were all a-flail,
And for a time she was helped by air trapped in the tail.
Back on board the ship, her cabin-mate was drunk,
And didnt think that shed be able to get back to her bunk.
She went to a saloon, and stretched out on a sofa,
Then closed her eyes and went to sleep, the drunken little loafer.
In the morning she awoke and staggered to her berth,
With a frightful headache, no longer full of mirth.
She took some Alka Seltzer, in a glass of water,
Then slept again, not missing the flapper, although she should have ought to.
In the sea the flapper was floundering and thought that drowned shed be.
The ship showed no sign of turning back, and went on its way steadily.
Her tail was slowly losing air     and filling up with sea,
Her last thoughts, as she started to sink, were, Why is this happening to me?
Her past life flashed before her eyes, it didnt take too long.
Shed really led a quiet life, and had done nothing wrong.
That, Ill rectify, she thought, if ever I get back.
Then the air bubbled out of her lungs, and everything went black.
Am I in heaven? were her first thoughts, assuming she was dead.
When she heard a quiet voice, which unto her, it said
I thought you were a mermaid, now I think youre a mortal,
If Id known, I never would have brought you through my portal.
The flapper struggled to sit up straight, cause her legs were still in the tail.
She opened her eyes, tried to see in the gloom, and then she started to wail.
Please tell me just where I am, whatever is this place?
Then she tried hard not to scream, when in front of her eyes loomed a face.
In the dark it seemed to glow with a phosphorescent light,
And this was the reason it had given her such an awful fright.
Then, as she scrutinised it, she thought it did look kind,
So asked, Why did you think me a mermaid? Are you out of your mind?
The face moved back and regarded her, and then to her it said,
Arent you at all curious to find you are not dead?
Luckily for you I was on the surface, looking at your ship,
When I saw you standing staring down, and then I saw you slip.
I swam back under the water, so I would not be seen,
And heard you splashing in the water, and wondered what it did mean.
Then, looking at you from beneath, as you your arms did flail,
I saw to my surprise, that instead of legs, youd a tail!
I could not work out why a mermaid was on that boat,
Nor why you seemed to not be able to swim or even float.
Then you started sinking and your gills I couldnt see,
And you obviously werent breathing, so you needed help from me.
Then I thought of the quickest way that your life I could save.
I towed you to the sea-bed, and brought you to my cave.
There is lots of air in here and I saw to my relief,
When I laid you on my bed, you started then to breathe.
The flapper was quite shocked at this and couldnt believe her ears.
She thought she was trapped with a lunatic and her mind was filled with fears.
So sitting up, she undid the belt that held her tail on tight,
Then wiggled a bit and pulled it off so her legs were now in sight.
There are no such things as mermaids! the flapper then did shout.
Why are you keeping me captive? Oh wont you let me out?
You really are then human,  the mermaid, startled, said,
And I brought you here inside my home! I really feel afraid.
I dont believe in mermaids, the flapper again did wail.
So far Ive only seen your face, I havent seen a tail.
The mermaid said, with trembling voice, If that is what you wish.
She then lay back upon the bed, and gave her tail a swish.
No, no, its just your fancy dress, like mine for the parade,
The flapper said, and like the mermaid, she was sore afraid.
They both sat up and looked at each other,tears running down their faces,
And each, feeling sorry for the other, each, the other embraces.
As they hugged together, they started to calm down,
And the flapper said to the mermaid, I think that you have shown
Great compassion in saving me and bringing me safely here.
And though overcome by emotion, she managed to sound sincere.
The mermaid said, Youre trembling, may I be so bold
As to ask if youre still frightened? The flapper said, Im cold.
Im shivering to warm myself, my clothes are chilly and wet.
The mermaid told her, I know what, some dry clothes I will get.
Sliding down from off the bed, into a pool she slipped,
And swam to the far side of the cave, and there a case she gripped.
Rolling over onto her back, she balanced it on her chest,
Then swam back to the flapper, who hoped it hadnt squashed her breast.
The flapper helped to lift the heavy case onto the bed.
I hope you havent hurt yourself bringing it here, she said.
Oh no, replied the mermaid, Im stronger than I look,
Then she opened it, and from the inside, several garments took.
The flapper then looked thoughtful and said, with a little frown,
I hope this case hasnt come from someone who did drown.
Oh no! said the mermaid, as she that thought abhored,
I often find stuff from ships that has fallen overboard.
The flapper quickly then took off all her sodden clothes,
And picked up a lace hankie, and on it blew her nose.
She dried herself upon a towel, and sorting out clothes to wear,
Picked out some silken knickers and a strapless brassiere.
Then the flapper noticed that the mermaid was quite bare.
She obviously wouldnt wear knickers, so she held out the brassiere.
What is that? the mermaid asked, Do you wear it on your head?
Turn around, lift up your arms and Ill show you, the flapper said.
The mermaid swivelled round and raised her arms up high,
While the flapper knelt behind her, putting her arms round her to try
To fit her with the brassiere, and though she did her best,
She managed, inadvertently, in each hand to clasp a breast.
The flapper and the mermaid both froze there in that place.
The flapper felt a crimson flush, blush across her face.
The mermaid slowly lowered her arms, each covered a flappers hand,
And she murmured, What are you doing? I just dont understand.
The flappers arms were locked in place and the mermaid she leant back.
The flapper felt her bosom flattened as the mermaid squashed her rack.
The mermaid muttered, Dont get dressed, Ive a better idea instead.
Why dont we lie down together? Ill warm you up in bed.
The mermaid released the flappers hands and slowly turned around.
Then she saw the flappers eyes looking down upon the ground.
The flapper spoke. I know you meant the offer kindly, though
While Im really flattered, in India, Ive a beau.
I was on my way to meet him at Bombay, to be married.
Id still be on my way there, if the cruise had not miscarried.
You have been so kind to me and managed to save my life,
Now will you help me on my way so I can be a wife?
The mermaid looked unhappy, however, she concurred,
Albeit quite reluctantly, and then spoke so shed be heard,
I will try to help you, though yet we must delay.
There will be many sharks outside at this time of day.
If I take you outside now, to try to get you back,
Theres a real chance that the sharks they will attack.
Why dont you finish drying yourself and find clothes to get dressed,
Then lie back down upon the bed and try to get some rest?
The flapper started dressing and put on the brassiere,
And helped the mermaid put one on, who felt awkward not being bare.
When the flapper stood up, and stepped into the knickers,
The mermaid couldnt help but stare, her eyes made up-and-down flickers.
Please show me how you use your legs, the mermaid did implore,
Its strange to see you standing up,not lying on the floor.
The flapper bent and stretched her knees to show how they did work.
Then turned around and squatted down and got her bum to twerk.
Then as the flapper, legs apart, upon the bed did kneel,
The mermaid, stretching out her arm, between those legs did feel.
And then very slowly, rubbed her hand forth and back,
And murmured, It must feel very strange, because a tail you lack.
The flapper, with a quavering voice, said, Its quite normal for me.
Now, though, what about you? May I your tail closely see?
And with that, the flapper stretched out flat upon the bed,
Then on the mermaids tail, gently rested her head.
She put her hand upon the tail and stroked it up and down,
And feeling it crissate, gave a little frown.
It felt smooth when caressed downwards and rough the other way,
And then the mermaid arched her back and suddenly did spray.
From somewhere at the tails front squirted forth a spout.
That the mermaid did enjoy it, the flapper was not in doubt.
The liquid jet subsided and the mermaid gave a moan,
And a quite delightful odour suffused throughout the room.
The fluid showered the flapper, who wasnt sure what to do.
Though when she wiped her hair, it foamed up like shampoo.
She rubbed it to a lather, and washed her body too,
And felt totally refreshed, as though she had washed in dew.
She stood, removed her underwear, because she thought she ought to
Rinse off the mermaids glorious shower by washing in some water.
She walked to a fissure in the cave where the water ran down in rills,
And as she rinsed her face and neck, she felt a pair of gills.
In shock she stumbled backwards and fell upon the floor,
Where her legs fused into a tail, which wasnt there before.
She looked at it in horror and then with fear she cried,
When instantly, the mermaid lay down by her side.
The mermaid clasped her in her arms and rolling across the floor,
Pulled the flapper to the edge of the pool and pushed her in, before
Sliding in to the water herself, and pulling the flapper under,
Where, to her surprise, the flapper could breathe, it really was a wonder.
The flapper hung suspended, floating there in shock,
Then gradually realising she was all right, started to take stock.
Thinking that now, perhaps, she could swim just like a fish,
She gathered up her strength, and gave her tail a swish.
Unwittingly, she flapped her tail with all the strength shed got,
And happening to be facing the cave door, right through it she shot.
Then coming out in daylight, she stared in disbelief
At all the spectacular marine life round about the reef.
There was coral in profusion, as far as the eye could see,
Of many shapes and colours, like a garden beautifully
Laid out on the sea-bed, with fishes swimming round,
Each of them making it their home; the sea-life did really abound.
The mermaid caught up with the flapper and took her by the hand,
Then said to her, Im confused, I just dont understand
How you became a mermaid, then I saw you couldnt breathe,
So I pushed you underwater, to try to give you ease.
I realised that youd grown gills and couldnt breathe in air,
So I thought that being in water was best, because its where
We mermaids live, so that is the place you had better be.
Thank you, youve saved my life again, said the flapper gratefully.
Then, although still puzzled, they swam on, hand-in-hand,
The mermaid helping the flapper, til she could understand
How to use her tail well, to control where she did swim,
And to make fine adjustments, by using the tails fin.
Eventually the flapper grew tired, so to the cave they both swam back,
The flapper taking the lead, because shed got the knack
Of how to control her tail, and adjust direction and speed,
Then a thought suddenly struck her, in air, her lungs she would need.
They reached the cave and while in the pool, the flapper to the mermaid said,
How am I going to breathe back in air? I cant get it into my head.
The mermaid replied, I think you should try, we mermaids can manage ok.
Just try to do what comes naturally, that will be the best way.
In for a penny, in for a pound, bravely declared the flapper.
She hauled herself out, then she choked, the mermaid, on her back did slap her.
The flapper coughed, and gave a gasp, then shouted in relief,
I think Im going to be all right, my lungs have started to breathe.
They both lay there in silence, thinking of what had passed.
Then the flapper turned to the mermaid, and she said, These last
Few hours Ive spent with you have been just like a dream.
Now Im tired, shall we go to bed? I think you know what I mean!
They pulled themselves into the bed, and together they did huddle.
The mermaid put her arms round the flapper and together they did cuddle.
And this time, as the two of them laid together in rest,
It was now the mermaid who cupped the flappers breast.
The mermaid asked, Remember when you stroked my tail and I gushed?
The flapper felt embarrassed and again on her face she blushed.
The mermaid said, It was really nice, wouldnt you like to try?
The flapper replied, Im afraid its too late, and heres the reason why.
That would be an experience Id really like to try.
However, it is too late now, cause as my tail got dry,
I felt it metamorphosise, have a feel, I beg.
The mermaid reached down with her hand, and felt the flappers leg.
Nevertheless, she stroked it, and rubbed it up and down,
And accidentally touched some hair, which caused her then to frown.
I think youve got a problem, youd best hear it from me.
Stuck between your legs, I think theres a sea anemone.
The flapper remembered the last time that the mermaid there had felt.
Shed had on silken panties, so had seemed smooth and svelte.
Now, shed got her legs back which were absolutely bare,
And of course, instead of feeling silk, the mermaid felt her hair.
Thats not an anemone, in fact, it is my......frizz.
I am used to it being there, thats just the way it is.
I try to keep it neatly trimmed, so there is not a lot,
Besides, I think its there to protect the entrance of my grot.
When you say youve got a grot, I assume you mean a cave.
Is it as big as this one, holding all the treasures you have?
The flapper answered the mermaid, Oh no, its very small,
And held safe within it is my most precious possession of all.
I have carefully guarded it so that it wont get lost.
I expect my husband to have it soon, a few weeks at the most.
And so, my dearest mermaid, until I am a bride,
Nobody will ever know just what I keep inside.
The mermaid gently smoothed the frizz, and said, I understand.
Now, dont you think its time we got you back to land?
I would like to help you, and I think I know a way
Of quickly getting you safely all the way to Bombay.
Thank you, responded the flapper, however, if we may,
Id like to go to another port, one before Bombay.
Then, if at all possible, I can rejoin my cruise ship there,
And may I take some of your clothes, so Im not on
(Carla continued to talk with Pedro in their bedroom. Carla said,)
''I thought that our communion will change me in better, ''
''What changes can you make in your thoughts and actions? This subject Sickens me, '' ''Beatrice is like you and I'm gonna let her
Marry you; I intend to divorce; I feel like a reject.
(Carla continued,)
It's wise to end our loveless marriage, '' '' our home will change because
You choose to change it; you have a kind of self-confidence,
Which is not good while I feel your strong attraction to me,
And your possessiveness hurts me; do you see the consequence? ''
(Concluded Pedro. She replied,)
''Sometimes, you're too passive and melancholic, '' ''I'm depressed.
You created an air of mystery; you keep your secrets
Bottled up inside and hidden from me; '' ''I do my best.''
''You don't take responsibility though you have regrets.
(Pedro continued,)
You are patient, and you take yourself too seriously.''
''The first thing Beatrice wanted to do was to make
Our tension go along with our life; she loves you dangerously.
I had to overcome the conflicts hoping that you would awake.
(Carla continued,)
I did all my best while trying to balance everything
We've got to live a happy family life, '' ''you cannot
Maintain your emotional balance, '' '' well, love is all or nothing.''
To achieve stability, in all your charm I have been caught,
(Pedro replied. Carla said,)
''The woman must have equal chances as the man has
To communicate with God; much more, she needs some education
To understand the experience of her man, whereas
The man must understand his wife; '' '' you dance over separation.
(Pedro continued,)
The result is a lack of harmony in our relationship
Affecting our communication and leading to this
Moral misery; I could see what happened on the ship
Between you and Miguel, '' ''what happened? '' '' Does he know how to kiss? ''
(Carla replied,)
''Bella's relationship with God was too intimate and quite
Strange motivating Miguel to have platonic relationships
With other women.'' He smiled, '' you're unfit to be his mate.
Bella was a decent wife not needing lovers on the ships.
(Pedro continued,)
The bride of Christ is a believer of the Christian Church.
Miguel suffered because she couldn't give birth to another
Child; he's your victim, and you must be ashamed at the smirch
Of flirting with other men in front of me; you're a mother!
(Pedro continued,)
She advised me to stop being ignorant, but I've told her that
For me, it was very important to make my personal
Dreams come true; '' '' those cures weakened her to fall down like a brat.''
''While playing the violin, she felt so emotional.''
(Carla replied,)
''Her arms were sensitized, and she felt the deep touch
Of the Medusa while being scared because she couldn't swim.''
''They didn't feel the danger though they loved each other so much, ''
''Maybe she wanted her own death, '' ''she was so graceful and slim.''
(...to be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Don't forget to grieve the death of love
Especially the bad affairs
The horrible excuse of
and shipwreck relationships
The ones that left you silently crying
into your pillow every night
The ones where you cared too much
And they didn't care at all
The ones where after you left
Begged you to come back
With the same empty apology of
I'm sorry that I hurt you
When all they meant was
That their sorry that you left
Grieve and cry and fold away
The memories into the scars
Of the death of love
Holding back the tears
Is holding onto hope
And holding onto hope
Only gives them the opportunity
To pull you back again and again
So cry and grieve until their poisoned
Cruel love is in the grave where it belongs
What I say and what I do
ne'er be they the same.
Talking like a pirate
Arrr, matey, play the game.
Dates of birth
and sketching turf
We're all sinners
consistent
Can I Write something that's life giving,
Now that I'm being persistent?
Lets wrote poor grammar
Syntax and spalling awry
I can't write worth anything,
And only sometimes, can tie a tie.
She is like a siren. That is not to say that she is some sort of sea witch that lures sailors to their graves, do not misunderstand me, but rather that she possesses the kind of beauty that sinks ships. Knowing full well that if we stray too close we will be dashed upon the rocks and our merry vessel will be torn to shreds, we press on ever further in her direction, arms spread wide like sails, and I will proudly shout from the crows nest, Oh, my captain, we have run aground again, and this time I fear we shall never break free! For it is surely madness that drives us; that makes us happy fools if not dead ones, that we would brave a sea of treachery for only a chance at her hand No, there simply must be more to it than that.
She is indeed an artist; keeper of both artistic promise and foolish ambition, and yet she is wise enough to tell the difference. She is unfooled by serpents, yet kind to their lovers, for she knows they suffer too. Her womanly charms attract all whom lay their eyes upon her, and yet her modesty captivates, beguiling me like no other. Her eyes shine like tide pools, yet they possess all the wonder and depth of the seven seas; and it is for this reason I fear to look upon them too long, lest I be lost within them. The flow of the tides are in her hair, and as I run my fingers through it, one moment it is a soft as the wind in our sails, and in the next it becomes thick and coarse like my own, and I open my eyes to find that I have been dreaming; Asleep on the deck dreamily running my hands over the tangled fibers of an old rope.
But even now as I sit in the warmth of the sun, pen in hand, the cold spray of doubt falls upon my back and I am beset by the question, would anyone ever read the tale of the siren and the crow? You see, it is not the sea that I fear, nor the serpents or sirens or any other creature of the deeps; what I fear most is that if she knew I pursued her she would flee, leaving me and mine alone in her wake. Surely mine is not the only vessel that sails this route, and surely there are others more fit to weather the journey, but what good is there in jumping ship if even a thread of hope yet remains?
Damn the dangers and let the course unfold; Ill not give in so easily. Storms, serpents and shipwreck, let them all come. We will press on full speed ahead, and if we should be so breached, I will doom myself and rob my captain of his final honor, for I, I must go down with the ship.
I am quite certain she came to us in color, sifting through a century of sepia fever, came clutching handfuls of fear, gangling an opaque insomnia with her estranged authenticity.
A friend of an old lovers coworkers cousin, sickly lunar air gasping for more,
Mother says well manage. Father says finish up. Sister doesnt say.
I followed her down that faux-satin sink-hole, every old souls inevitable trip, helped hang drop sheets in the basement. At the high end of eight, everyone supposed I was too young to understand the words that gracelessly slung their insides into stillness, but she told me she thinks that maybe no one is, cocoon shred thin and softly rasping , an omniscient reincarnation of our radiator.
I asked so many times why we always had to keep the curtains closed, and she would scathe her fingers through her temples, scuffed sacrilege, surely the best location to beg forgiveness for that which Elisa lacks.
It is an always itch.She tells me of the ink pen she is never without, gouging adjectives out of the ground. Her hair, still summers best-selling brand of blond, embalmed eyes tripping across the tightropes of light.
Between the abrasion of our breathing, I think I fell in love with her belligerent lungs. I splay a change in the weather on the wall, and sometimes we pretend that there are more than two potatoes.
I have always been afraid of thunderstorms.The yellow stars trudge into my tertiary dreams, flay my eyes open.I swallow my melting scream, drag a bunch of blankets downstairs.She hands me stories through the keyhole, pirates whose sole means of sustenance is sugar cane, noble dragons and the crooked knights that are their neighbors, princesses who shave their eyebrows s and keep live mice in their apron pockets for luck. '
I am not allowed to cry, no matter how it ends.
She has to stay at home when all the neighborhood kids play cards on the cul-de-sac, platonic pedestrians sparred by our bad posture and worse poker faces.Alvin Bertram, the size and shape of smoke, teaches us to roll cigarettes out of old newspaper. I bring mine downstairs so she can fill in what is left of the crossword.
There have been times I've been lost all alone
18 years old and without a home
I robbed and I stole, and I let it be known...
I'll slice your throat, and cut to the bone
swabbin' the deck and walkin' the plank
clangor and crash, clatter and clank
I had myself and the devil to thank
swillin' down whiskey, I drank and I drank
batten the hatches, there's rough seas ahead
sterns would be broke and sails would be shred
splatter his guts and off with his head
let dead men lie where they've made their bed
summer of reed-boats when
dreams meander
in the puddle streams
Unbeknownst where
parts of whose strings die,
what song
does that violin string?
running figures past the
empty braille notes
in deep recess
what song does that soul string?
pirate song of the drunken ship,
as hale as the winds alive,
but parts of me are'nt!
now string a song for the jammed soul
dying in bits.
I'm trying to send you letters in the air
the way the pirates did it when they were in love with the sea.
Writing letters to you is like throwing paper on water and hoping the ink doesn't bleed and you see, the sea, she's always in love with somebody else.
But she dances like she's single.
The Artist waits, breathing deeply,
Pencil poised above the paper.
Images grip her, alluring her to tell their story.
Battles rage tween fearsome pirates, horses race from untold horrors,
Magic glitters on a fairys pale hand.
And she fumbles with her pencil,
And soon crumbles up her latest attempt at
A Masterpiece.
Everythings been done before, everythings so simple,
Nothing is dramatic, detailed enough
To soothe the artists longing
To go further in her art than she has ever gone before.
Then it hits her, hits her hard,
And she awakes from her reverie with a start.
Its all fake.Its not real.
The things she dreamed up with her mind, but loved with all her heart.
Everything shes shaped given life
Everything she draws or reads or writes,
Its not real.
Just some stupid Fantasy.
She sits there, sighing deeply,
Paper blank before her eyes.
But she then realizes,
Abruptly,
That then, without a doubt,
Those things may not be real, but for her theyre really there!
All the art that shes critiqued and
All the worlds shes created,
Serve a Purpose.
They help to soothe an Artists troubled heart.
Just another ruled notebook,
with pretty white blank pages,
soon to be destroyed by
pathetic sentences
and poems and rhymes
that make no sense.
Just another hard covered notebook
waiting to be kissed by ink
torn by paint brushes
drowned in spilt tea.
This is a brand new notebook
So neat and clean
anticipating
the countless number of pages
covered in poorly drawn
pirate stick figures.
Art of dying
comes, after
you listen to the siren song.
The intention
was to kill yourself,
non-violently, when
moon was hiding.
Man was changing the skyline. You can
redraw the landscape without hurting the grass.
Don't offer to sacrifice
the goat on the rock,
where the shipwrecks took place.
You burn that, what you
would not eat. The
assassination charges were true.
Her lover steps in on his fingertips
November, snow caresses this city
Her lover closes her eyes
Snowflakes melting, water runs down
He comes from the night-side
It is winter, snow caresses this city
He brings comfort and tears
It is winter, and outside chestnut is in bloom
She holds him by the hands, tightly
Her lovers neither man, nor a boy
She loves him with her friendship
There are too much shipwrecks on theirs shores
Her lover has butterflies in his pupils
Spring rushes from his words
Her friend cries blue tears
His name is comfort and turmoil
here
at the bottom of the Sea
where the Sun doesn't reach
the water is coldest
here
even the spineless creatures stay away
I hold my breath
and swim through the darkness
the ghosts of shipwrecks
the faint cries of whales above
send echoes to the edge of death
and yet
here
is where I feel
alive
Back on the road once more,
The smell of morning diesel,
Of men still hungover,
Black coffee,
No sugar,
Can't you see we're men,
A whole day ahead of us,
Hammer smashing against nail,
Concrete falling like a grey pudding,
Covering every edge,
Early morning, late evening,
Wife estranged,
Kids unknown,
A few beers after the chaos,
Some steaks with the boys,
The smell of barbecue,
Like bait is to fishes,
Hoping for the weekend,
Just to sleep in and drink,
Maybe fish, maybe hunt,
Maybe none, and go home,
See the girlfriend you call at night,
Buy her things she never asked for,
Do more in two days than others do in thirty,
But the Monday looms,
A great cloud of money on the horizon,
Asking you to stay,
But begging your body to quit,
You're a man now kid,
Act like one,
And take your gloves off when shaking hands,
Work dirty but look clean,
And tonight you buy the beers,
And don't complain,
You're a rookie, hands still soft,
Alcohol tolerance beginning to increase,
And the guys are there on Monday,
Bud light evaporating from pores,
Like condensation on soda cans,
Diesel perfuming the air once again,
Yelling, cursing, laughing,
Like concrete pirates,
Ahoy!
The captain shows,
To work lads, to work,
Hammers to nail,
Boots to dirt.
Do you hate the way
that our magnetized times
turn us all to metal shavings--
push and pull--charged each
day to fill up negative space
with negative attraction?
Were you repulsed when polarities
changed?
Or&shy; was that me?
Flipping switches
switching sides
siding
with pivot points showing, caught
with pants down?
"Be a <em>man</em> now!"
While the female end
of the port calls out,
"Shipwreck! Shipwreck!
All men down!"
Count me out at minus 4
it leaves a balance: minus 3
At minus 10, our blood could freeze
and fall back earthward; blood red snow.
Caught on the tongue it tastes like pennies.
Tastes just like
the metal shavings
we become
in magnetized times.
Polarized
and "Family Sized." Underpaid
Overfed. Neutralized America.
Greatest country in the fucking world.
Right?
Last night I was beguiled by dreams galore:
of sailing ships, pirates, explorers and more,
but the best for me, was of a country scene.
A quiet rustic retreat, where I was often seen,
accompanied by the music of a babbling stream,
cavorting with Nature.Wandering in my dream
along a brook, where willows danced and swayed,
in choreographed terpsichore, as water music played.
The cadence of rattling reeds: a pulsing even beat,
were as castanets, that energised my restless feet!
There was magic in the music, heard by me this night.
Seduced by its bravura, I savoured the gentle delight,
of soft vagrant breezes, that added their unique refrain,
to the rhythmic tattoo. Enhanced by the beating rain,
perfection then prevailed, with the pleasing music heard.
Complete in all respects, it required no single word
to further foster my enjoyment, of its haunting melody.
As such it was pleasing, and a pleasant treat for me,
though twas a short lived dream; that was soon done!
Of many dreams encountered? This was a cherished one.
Long shall I remember, as a moment to hold dear,
for such entertaining dreams, are a rarity I fear.
Bringing a welcome smile, to replace a morning frown;
raising spirits high, when Im worried or cast down!
May 3rd, 2018.
The ancient Pacific
Bellows.
Engenders.
Wind streamed waves.
Liquid Silver.
Whip and sidle.
Time eternal.
Man,
Too,
Bellows.
Engenders...
The Ocean...
Plundered.
Cod to gold.
Brazen and bold.
Pirate treasure.
Sperm Whale oil.
The best and worst ~
Of wild nature.
Give or Take
Thriving or Surviving.
Life or death.
Which came first?
Strings of Kelp or Nets of String?
Swordfish or Harpoons?
Archipelagos or Man Marooned
Nature or humanity?
The vessel or the sea?
The Humpback or the oil lamp?
Happiness or Sorrow?
Yesterday or Tomorrow?
A Moment in time.
Time eternal.
All of history.
Standing still.
Man and ocean co-exist.
Nessie.
Loch Ness.
Survival of the Fittest.
Paradise.
Revolution.
Theory of Evolution.
Why do Whales sing?
Why do Octopus need ink?
Why do Dolphins Echolocate?
To communicate.
Does the ocean know?
Mass larceny of the Hydroscape.
The ocean raped.
Orcas in Captivity.
Global warming.
Pollution.
Sea levels rise.
Why does the deep blue oblige?
Solve the equation.
The mystery of the sea.
The ocean dies.
Like the coelacanth.
To pass extinct.
When I do the math.
In this wise ~
I theorize.
The deep unknown.
Understands.
Thus,
Perhaps.
Waves and tides ~
Do not recede in undertow.
No!
Waves and tides push forth to shore ~
Desperate to escape.
Man's impact on the sea.
To go extinct.
Like the Coelacanth.
To live again.
When
Man succumbs to...
Natural Selection.
Nature's revolution.
Wild child full of grace
Savior of the human race
Your cool face
Natural child, terrible child
Not your mother's or your father's child
Your our child, screamin' wild
An ancient lunatic reins
In the trees of the night
Ha, ha, ha, ha
With hunger at her heels
Freedom in her eyes
She dances on her knees
Pirate prince at her side
Stirrin' into a hollow idols eyes
Wild child full of grace
Savior of the human race
Your cool face
Your cool face
Your cool face
Do you remember when we were in Africa?
HE sent me
A wheelchair to my bus
Not a lot to discuss
When I asked him,
"Where do you want to go?"
He replied: "I don't know."
Still I cared
For Pirate Eye
Wheelchair guy
The white paper snail
Followed the rum trail
To a small gold boat
Where sailors hang their coats
The two eyed pirate king
Went Sunday fishing
To buy his pretty daughter
A pearl diving otter
The pet store vendor
Had putrid body odor
To solve his dilemma
He ingested a chimera
The knight and his squire
Went to sing and play lyre
At the cave with a bear
Who had no head hair
Another crazy poem
From an old seaside home
The brown eyed bard
Sends you a greeting card
Take a step with me into the darkness.
The constellations as our maps,
and each other as our guides.
Walking, clasped in our hands,
pictures of our souls would glisten in remembrance,
and our bodies, consumed by the black liquid of the unknown,
would fade slowly, softly,
back to the nowhere from whence we came.
We could be the bare feet brushing across the surface of the earth,
giants against the stars,
hand in hand and fingers intertwined,
elapsing for a moment while the darkness made us blind.
What could be more exceptional, more ephemeral than this?
Stuck within this loop, this endless cycle why?
The grass and sand would fly away, leaving our earth naked of its pride,
and the cracks down in the dirt would echo the sound of empty minds.
So if you were to fall premature,
may I steal from you your flame?
I could carry it with me through the darkness,
until my bones turned to the dust of cascading deserts,
and my heart beat with the wind, sighing your name.
Many moons falling into the mountains,
sinking shipwrecks of thoughts in my mind.
Pacing nowhere I would find you again,
weeping black with loneliness, whispering my name as if it were your crime.
Your words falling short of your lips, past your pasty skin and empty eyes.
Moments fleeting too quickly, and pictures beginning to fade,
thus time consumes our hand and faces, but our bones, it cannot break
I can still feel your touch like youre pressed against my leg, even now. So careless and reckless with my fragile and cold body, all your warmth seeping into me and threatening to make me rise from the ashes and love you like a phoenix.
Again and again and again I turn myself to ash to escape you and again and again and again you cruelly, unwittingly, find my eternal flame.
You smile at me, a lot, so patient and kind and I wish you wouldnt. I dont think you would if I was transparent, if your smile could go right through me to the other side. I dont think you would if you knew how much I love you even still, so willing to take your smile as a siren song and shipwreck the whole crew without a second thought.
Im getting better, you know, fighting hard to crawl out of the same cave Ive always been coming back to, way before you. But I can see some sunlight through the clouds and for once, you dont control when it rains or shines.
Thats the definition of getting better, I know it is. So why is every single thing you do as sharp as an arrow to a heart Ive been trying to kill all this time, another stone in my pocket as I debate drowning myself in the river?
You know, I dont even like the city because of you. Because you hated your life with me so much, you get to relocate and start over. Burn down everything good about the time we spent together.
Im green, so green all over, I know it. I dont even miss you, but God, I hate Kansas City.
I want to hate him as much, too. I have it in me to do that. So willing to give into the darkest part of myself and blame you for it when I know its been there all along.
I cant. I cant hate him. Because he seems like everything I couldnt be for you and I cant hate you because youve always deserved to be with someone who could return your smile. Who you would smile for even if they were transparent and you could see through to the other side.
All I can really hope is that youre not in love with him.
I loved you first, indeed.
What did he say?
Piano starts to play
My favorite song and I can't sing along
Tidal wave, my blood and veins
Little girl just playing games
Chutes and ladders,
Still chasing after
A green sky
And the light that's leaving his eyes
Notes, I need you, play for me
Drag me under
Quiet this tide
here, where the clouds
sail like gigantic ships across the
face of the moon
here, where sea stars
found a passage to the Milky Way,
here i will wait
wait for time to fall
apart like a castle of sand
taken away by the smallest
wave of a wave
until you take the rays of
moonlight and dive into
the roaring, midnight sea,
and follow dying sea stars
to the sky above
i will wait here, cloaked by
the universe,
until i see you in the
shipwreck of the night,
by an exploding star giving away its
last light,
i will wait for that moment
when against all odds
you still made it back to me
You go strains of mad when...
...Ambition becomes Eating Your Own Hunger Pains
With savaged pride you feel that all you need to achieve in life
Can be done faster with gold and good courtship
You croon apologies to your ideas and hope they stay.
They don't stay.
You go strains of mad when...
...Demonic intercession is hailed as miracle
You pay your division of a vast tithe into coffers you never see
and watch with shame and awe at a penetrative truth
working noisily behind curtains.
This polls well.
You go strains of mad when...
...Dust and diamonds are sold as combi-packs,
Dick comes in boxes of strict six; for illustrative purposes, if you want four you've got to sell or discard two for your reputation.
There's no loyalty card or price-break on bulk.
I'm flat broke.
You go strains of mad when...
...A nobody sketches you with disarming accuracy
Their medium is a third hand snipe relayed with bitter remove
No more the taut nymphette lounged aground, on the rocks
The naked crystal uniform of your debtless regime, gone.
You're a shirt and name-tag girl now.
You go strains of mad when...
...Pockets burst outside the Church yard sale
The Ministry guilts you into buying all the furniture and music
moving it one piece at a time into your life until
suddenly you have a Church to burn
Just in time for winter.
The oceans froth betrothed to lunatic scoff
The sublunary elegance of a subdued earthen cough
Infectious pulchritude conjures snow-globe turpitude
Defiant humility professes to know the rudeness of the crude
Distilled casually in a leery trance
Terpsichorean choreography of a hallowed prance
Callow scowls affix the hebetude of anger to the sauciness of banter
Gallant cavalries court the cult of she and enamor and enchant her
Foretold calamities proceed like clockwork from Gods destructive jaundice
Death deployed as a sententious homily of wraiths that taunt us
At every turn fatidic inspirations work to cement a known outcome
Averted gaze away from rampant gays and fire-and-brimstone bunkum
We cherish a world where the stodgy and outmoded monopolize choice considerations
Where hedonism abreast of asceticism are internecine intimidations
Suffer like Christ and buffer like tenacious poverty sustained by rice
Dare to glower with menacing insistence at the known outcome of errant dice
Soothsayers soothe prayers but cataclysm still dares
To pulverize innocent insouciance and become the cynosure of trepidation and stares
Heaven blares a deafening obey while hell stays silent to lure the prey
Hobnob with hobgoblins and expect opprobrium to park and stay
Gentility and class-divisions orchestrate a frozen system of tenacious prisons
Stalking the lifeblood of mainlined ecstasies and surgical incisions
Minority Report within the grasp of the majority uproar
Dalliance with a self-fulfilling time means there will always be a bout between Bush and Gore
Lecherous eyes prize a hedged bush and irascible lies seek copious gore
But because the bush ensconces the vagina in bed with China the twin towers imploded for common core
Mondegreens serenade a mistaken flirtation with a time traversed and mastered
Swelling tides hearken the moon to make a hypothetical bonanza out of disaster
Enumerated infinity within esoteric grasp and pandered sequester
Bedazzled of foreknowledgeit charters the uncharted exploitation faster and faster
Burgeoning funds entertain a mind cloistered by infamy and oppressed by indecency
Burbling puns ecstatic about the perpetuity of guns hector the province of a token leniency
Squander the day and indulge the night by knowing exactly the demise of every shooting star
Knowing the origin and legacy of every single scar
Knowing the path creates the path known
Every single stock you know you should with alacrity own
Prosperous kinship and insubordinate brinksmanship win the prejudiced award
Fencing with lethal intent the specter of death devolves into irenic accord
Envy the impregnable corporate machine and its unassailable pipe dream
Hunt the Wolfs of Wall Street until panic evolves into cacophony of screams
Democratization of prophecy will cue the most titanic robbery
Shills looking for upstart thrills will pretend an unwarranted snobbery
Paradox is impossible because every moment elapsed is indelible and irrevocable
Every frisson of love is fertile and impregnable
So rejoice that the masters of the clock invest in select stocks
And hope that parcels of secrecy tumble from the 1919 White Sox
Emerald Street knows When the Music s Over
Brandished crumbs adorned with sportive panache clothed in a lucky clover
Deprived of snide tithes and the confessions of millions protest a catholic cabal of universalism draped in quaint overalls
Mock the hegemony of the sailing class and their brisk and copious squalls
Opulent scions vouch for the failsafe prerogatives of Zion
Sleeping awake we indulge the oneiromancies of Orion
Cinematic wonders regale glorified eavesdropped blunders
Until the secrecy of the machine is so conspicuously in sight it tears the elected pantheon asunder
A master race of an intelligent nepotism in denial of its own disgrace
Exploits the argosy of secrets of the flying-disked race
But one day a challenger like a rooster will orient the demotic vogue towards the treasure trove
And pirates will prosper in burgeoning droves
Myths foisted will debunk themselves as eternity preens its chosen wealth
Even the most furtive endeavors will have to equip even more stealth
That day will prompt an arms race and a worms race
To burrow beneath the chasms of malcontent and adopt and insular embrace
They billow now with toxicity and malignancy
Even death will have alternative contingencies
The resplendent future will capture the common heart
For the accumulated wisdom of words will make us infinitely more smart
Some people wake up every morning
Fill their mug with strong black coffee
And commute to work
At work they slave away for the dollar
That never seems to truly satisfy
The hungry greed growing within them
They once were children
Who said they would be
firemen,
teachers,
artists,
pirates,
astronauts,
authors,
innova&shy;tors and world-changers
When they grew up
On Fridays after work
Sometimes these people
Go out for a drink
After a few beers
One of them opens up to the fellow
coworker they are sitting next to:
"Oh," they'd say
"I have dreams of sailing away
I can't wait for the day
That I am able to break free from
the monotony and mediocrity
and pursue my purpose,
and my dreams"
"What noble ambitions you have"
The fellow coworker will respond
"But what are your plans to make this so?"
The dreamer will answer
"I don't know
All I do know is
That most people
Stay stuck in conformity
And then there are some who
follow their dreams."
let alone the free
set astray the free
everything that she was ever meant to be
has been thrown away into the water
streaming down slowly
down her
her back
a lullably of all those times when the world ate us
alive
it ate us
alive
and I dived into you broken shores
full of broken sea shells
and empty bottles of whiskey
opened by the pirates of your unstoppable heart
hungover by the bench
your stenched cling to salt and me
yes
i remember
i remember
when i woke up next to you
and your eyes
they smelt like me
and your fingers touched like mine
you were exceptional
you were you were
more than phenomenal
breathe down everything i ever gave to you
with rusty canvas and charcoal beaten down
love spells
stuttering memories flood me
running running
breaking
I could wake up face
facing
the floor
while reading the last note you wrote for me left behind the closed door
A pirate sailed south, but too far.
The good ship's prow found
harbors filled with icebergs,
frolicking penguins and walruses:
it began to snow inside his mortal soul.
He dreamed of perfect white beaches,
warm sand, sunlight, palm trees
and (perhaps) a lovely French poet in a slight bikini
lolling like Erato on holiday.
He could taste the sun and coconut on her skin.
It was only a vision, but one worthy of a quest.
He preferred living dreams to dead conclusions.
Many people told him he dreamed too much,
to accept this landfall and be content.
But cold and darkness are not a pirate's lot
and contentment does not appear
in the official pirate's vocabulary.
Even an aging pirate holds true to course,
pinned like a medal to his longing and desire.
More sail, he cried, and turned the helm
toward the islands of his heart,
toward a landfall of warmth and color,
toward hot and willing flesh,
toward parrots and monkeys and blue skies.
Leaving the nay-sayers in the cold,
he headed the only direction a pirate can, further.
- mce
Your arrival is my survival
For when were your away eyem sad and gray
UPON your arrival you quench my desires as you set my soul on fire
KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
3:8:15 - Kosher pinot noir toasts the snowflakes that the eider brings, just as the Ash bows ache; naked and starving. Hurdling through old bedroom windows, giving those reasons why pennies are wished first into window wells. Smoggy gawkers, locked into an image shaped by organic lines and gestures. The two smoker- cure their hours reconnoitering in skyrise stairwells, discussing recipes for fixing wounded hearts without the peaceful frequencies she speaks into two styrofoam cups with strings pierced through their innards. Much like the story of how two people meet within the timespan of the living.
Even the Moon Men eat space cakes to loosen their chests, from the apathetic laws that began to govern their personalized truths. Not a mug with a name on it bought after an almost very cool free-art reenactment of Pirates of the Caribbean.
Love is not a sentence I can choose not to awaken.
It's the difference between having a one night stand rather
than keeping a toothbrush at each other's places.
Even on a Saturday night, we could fasten ourselves
to one another. Even if it's only you and I, who are you to
say it's not a party.
. For so long, I've been searching for something i could only know through feeling. Something nameless, shapeless and timeless. It has eluded me down through the ages. It knows no owner, no pedestal, no clandestine inheritance or cages. The thing of which I speak, knows only it is searched for. But it does not purposefully hide, camouflage itself or disappear. Nor can it be beckoned by any beacon, prayer, or call to come here.
So I searched for the Something amidst the seven seas. I delved down through the darkness, past shipwrecks, sunken treasures, and the endless, otherworldly, beautiful reefs. I found nothing there, save a thousand kingdoms' lost fortunes. I found the unstoppable Titanic, claimed by an immovable Icebergin the ocean.
So I searched for the Something in the ruins of El Dorado. There, I made a trek through barren streets paved with golden bricks. Buildings the size of mansions, statues depicting forgotten gods, and a treasure trove barred by quicksand, traps and tricks. I gazed upon the remains of a massive ark, a chalice encrusted with massive diamonds, and a Hero's sword entrapped within a rock. I shook my head and sighed, fearing the thing I sought was lost.
I sat by myself in the deepest contemplation. Where was this Something that enraptured my imagination? I had searched the world over, at least a dozen times. I had asked witch doctors, hermits, kings and gypsies who spoke in rhymes. Yet, I was no where closer to finding this Something that eluded me. By myself in the heaviest of silence, I took your picture out and stared in hot defiance. I'd find this thing we needed to put things back together. I'd find this ancient relic if it took me all of forever.
Just then, a tear ran down my cheek which reminded me of the ocean. There, inside, lingered a spark which put my thoughts in motion. It slowly crept down my cheek, and made its way down to my chin. It fell upon the golden ring you gifted gifted me, which took away my wind. I sat speechless as I looked upon the ring which reminded me of a City of Gold. Memories flooded into my head, warming a soul which had grown cold. Suddenly, from nowhere, I found the thing which I had thought never to be found... It had been buried deep inside me; waiting for me to come around. Love, all along had been the missing part. It was never Something from the sea, nor Something from a city made of gold... All along, it was Something from the heart
I love my very own pen
a pen easy to push
a pen for truth
lies out-cast!
I love my pen
the way it goes along
with my helical head
the way it goes swift
with my roguish paper
the way it writes blank prose
delighted? Not me, it's them
or you.
non-sense fonts, they say
I beg for disgrace
for they are the power
of my visions thing
they are the power of my dark ink
freedom sharpened, inked
I scribbled its wisdom
Thoughts once ooze out
ideas irretrievable
impressions? I don't need
exactly its ballpoint's labor of thoughts
desires for precession and
harmony
of ideas never pirate.
My father's long fingers smooth
over the aged scratchy pleats.
The Kilt is magnificent. It has the
fleeting beauty that only a well
kept antique has, that warm
firelight glow of the past.
It has a few scuffs and holes,
but the somber reds and greens of
clan Mackintoish have settled into
the cloth and darkened pleasantly.
The kilt is always the most important detail,
it has passed from grandfather down,
and it looks as handsome now
as in the sepia photographs on our shelves.
The dirks black ornate hilt rests
heavily against his hip, and the
belt is cinched tightly to hold it up.
<em>you can practically hear bagpipes</em>
My grandfather's dark green cotton socks
sit near the top of my father's calf
and he leans over to adjust the frills.
And as his tan wrinkled brow furrows
in concentration, and his admittedly
attractive white whiskers scrape
across his collar, and the image
nears completion, the drum beats louder.
Reaching up from the ancient past
and grasping the future in tradition,
the ghosts of ancestors enter his poise,
and he suddenly appears less like
my father and takes on the swagger
of a cocky fisherman, of pirate.
He is swinging swords
and playing pipes, and cobbling, and
setting stones upright in ancient
forgotten ritual, and tossing cabers.
I know looking at him now,
what my own ghosts will be
when my time comes.
when the skin of the earth
was not yet old enough to know
the grey light,
she spoke to his corpse
floated on a shipwreck.
her tongue stayed tamed
behind her teeth,
but her hidden hands shook
against the boards
clattering as a broken shutter
in a thunderstorm
when the world was black
and wet and fast.
This is for the adolescent writers, the laid-back pencil chewers, the observing wallflowers, the nose picking first graders, for the primadonnas, the narcoleptics, and the Elvis impersonators.
Come, sit on this bench with me and speak up.
This is for the jet-lagged pilots, the nose-ringed girlfriends, the perfectionist florists, the singing choir boys, the aluminum food truck drivers and their daughters, the bulimic power-lifters, the scarfed cat ladies, and the Presidential bodyguards.
Come, sit on this bench with me and speak up. This bench is saved and I have only the newspaper as my clock.
This is for the Agnostic Republicans, the illiterate immigrants, the boot wearing cowboys, and the 80 year old movie buffs. For the sweater-wearing boyfriends and the younger sisters who steal them, for the vegan dishwashers, the carnivore park rangers, and the homophobic parking meters.
Come, sit on this bench with me and tell me your stories.
This is for the effervescent pet-lovers, those majoring in Physics, Aviation, and Bubble-blowing. For the Somalian Pirates, the Chinese vendors, the Brazilian leather-workers, and the Alaskan lovers.
Come, sit on this bench with me and although I may ask for a Polaroid, the rest is yours to share.
The heroes of long gone are forgotten,
Despite the good deeds they've done.
Now they lie in their graves rotten,
And no one knows what they've done.
<em>
The cotton picker who fought off wolves,
The candlestick maker who kept the pirates at bay.
The baker who fed the homeless with his loaves,
The beggar who brightened everyones day.
</em>
The soldier who sacrificed himself,
The nomad that fed the hungry.
The gypsy that always gave help,
The missionary that gave flowers to the sickly.
<em>
Their deeds are forgotten,
By everyone except me.
God bless them in their coffins,
And let's help others that are in need.
</em>
:)
East of the Equator on 1 15' tropics is an old pirate isle
Irate willy-wavers are set to meet, I repeat, on Santosha
where, if you know it by its sanskrit, they might reconcile
Wishful leaders play symbolic. To us are none, but frenzy frolic.
Rudy doubles a pretty sight when smart cookie crumbles
to his knees.The apprentice,a fake gansta has capitulated to
Trump who'sknown to expostulate his lot of twitterati
oh, the wizard of sentences,cut the circuit and paparazzi.
Rocket man says read my lips, so Dotard threatens bigger drips
Both gaga over trigger hands, like-a-virgin on hot dozen buttons.
Aint it a saga, they goatherd each other on,so call in Dennis to
get us out of the funk. Just maybe, a remote chance, a fun slam-dunk!
The world awaits with bated breath, the immovable anchors to a
bad romance. We're stuck for answers to translate two gyrate minds,
singing hits a-capella under nuke umbrella.No tanning spray and
pray please or death-from-behind us all, the wrench of humankind.
At 34, Prince has just begun life, to see his people starving to die
At 71, Doofus has a life doing what he does,while waiting to die
Chasms miles long, but cookie cutter share tall man phantasm
94 stories high towards disarming God in their own ego suites.
Gurkhas and gazetted city blocks, the people in uttered groans
All twitterpating over a hermit throne dancing to a jailhouse rock
Two bright like buttons, so zero sum bargains may cost an arm and
an earth - nuclear glutton!Not a far gains from your usual Target?
At St Regis in gather,string theories of riddles to Lord of the Rings
Towkays at the table Order! Order! no one absquatulates at all borders
In shambhala, will it be Big and Bold or Beg and Hold, who knows
Except Goldenhair, in first minute - Upside or Upset of an F1 ride!
Midnight Confession to StingrayIII
And suddenly awake. i think i heard the phone ring, but long ago that no stingray called me; it would be absurd. who call a forgotten man, yearny of themselves?. And suddenly awake and crying i wonder what i have done to live this. why i can not die? what's stopping me? god kills for pleasure, i would do it out of necessity. i end with my life and the importance of being earnest.
Outside roars the sea. the waves claim my life, my life claim it and head on a silver platter the almighty, responsible to no justice. ha! justice. Consign it everything to god is to add an extra shadow existence. whenever i get depressed i confirmed the existence of nowhere. already said my old friend Andrei, "the soul craves harmony, while the world, reality, life, are full of dissonance".
god! i do not want any harm to feed my humor. and i tell you because i know that fate is but the unilateral decision of a supreme being, without the intervention of the creature that falls. you and your damn decisions!

I must then settle the illusory permanence of my bad steps taken. after all, the man has not been done to exemplify rebelliousness.
Insert - cans carrier some catching film and rolls a finger cuts / , looking at his finger and begins to move circularly, leaving his palace versailles topic decorated, full of blood stigma. thenan arm and his shadow the succor envelops faucet cracked.
insert final -
you always give back things to their original order, no matter what man does or does not do. when the world ends, will only continue the deserted streets where consummating the drama of solitude, loneliness of man. solitude, that awe you feel your son, more powerful even than the fear of death. loneliness, ontophanicus element of childhood fears and unrecognized face of the adult human animal.
Insert - Snifpopens window, moist your hands with rain, seals his hands, making a drinking vessel of your hands. someone you back then close was noting his eyelids his old love visiting him - Snifp shudders take turns and trafficking in their eyes hands that image. followed gets humming a ditty ... continuing with your thought the song of your song - only the first two lines sing, the rest is with musical pacing phraseology showing on time images:
"maybe everything is reduced to ideas. the great wars and the huge advances in the history of mankind are due to them... what is most important for the soul to believe in change? the flowering of ideas! proclaim them the wind and see how they are trampled, but when they die, they will be remembered by them.
yes, i know, when my turn comes, or not taking into account what you have said, i must kneel before you. "
Insert - Snifp - in your room like versailles, kneeling before the accompanying idol behind his cabin. it was a huge torrent cans with film rolls. some were leaving your movies its packaging. on the upper part of torrent was an eye that turn that also glinted colors and eye on pared scenes showed pictures romance film and expressionist cinema.

" something happened with spring and winter, only took one night to erase my life. everything i've done, everything i am has been solely because of my insecurity even look at my letter, is confused, irregular, insecure, unfinished, unfinished, ugly to my way of translating the letters on paper it is unsafe. That's why i am where i am. it may not be the best, but it's comfortable. i should not deal with anyone but my ghosts. "
Composition: the whole song - this song in passive voice - before each pause they call Snipf, her father, her mother, she the same calling it self doing choir with letter of the song telling you enter is late and that not early to work everyday continuing - voice feels off, but the darkness appears immensity of arms in clothes ragged and dirty, treating him to speak. every aspect of song be supported by allusive as a documentary imagine.
[insert images]: Mr Snifp. this in a paramo isolated, everything smells rancid stink and essence with her mouth glottis churned a finger as mayor, the three items that were deposited in calderon reddened by flare. Their beards 90 cm, crisscrossed end of pointed shape. mr. Snipf it took out glottis your hands together his cross to remove the book and the lenses pipe. While he continued impetuously making this movement of his arms, lashed out on the top step your home room your nearest death, and if it was confused casket 60 cm or a 2 mts. such was the fan accession that uttering which carried from the limbo of house untouchable pantheon, but it was not, all the servants threw it out of doors sliding down the cobblestones, while Snifp kicking as if to take revenge until the last priest perpetuity oblation gave to your existence non tyranny.Still getting off cobblestones, planters keep falling, cornices. carnations falling on follow your body wood caged.
Removing Snifp appears in Calderon lenses, pipe and the book, but this time he has in his hand left the book, and pipe right. but when child, walk the avenue where would buy tidbits, seeing through the showcasethe owner of the commercial always had in his right hand a book and left a pipe.
Snifp lying on his altar Calderon churned with thousands of books, lenses and pipes, falling to tiring and suddenly the ground with his right hand possessing a book of phrenology and left a pipe smoky reddish. it was so faint Snipf and only with boiling essences smelly around.
[insert end].
Zooantropomorphic Basic Kinetic Theory:
In the room, three and a hommo sapiens stingrays. Located facing each other. how to illustrate and in between them appearance with animals, and acting daily activities.
Every stingray, is an object and subject to time, the eyes of Snifp, but more remarkable is that each of them can auto refer, as having instincts and feelings, which alternately men intimidate and used in a extended range of possessions and physical, and electromagnetic powers psychic. "
Snipf in the room seemed feeling redeemed, because they came to help him, came to the town of his abode. A hold a escape. but to think and think and read what rugs you wrote on the wall concerning this theory, he reminded inescapably on fatigue years of thinking, to nearly multiply your ideas on every beat of your heart as an avalanche in your own heart
And they continued typing:
... Thousands of years sail the seas for fixing without ours where our dreams console conditions. we have seen many events, births islands, shipwrecks <strong>_ at that time Snifp, he takes the head and can not believe what you tell manta rays, being very shock and sorrow.
He told ...: as you, enjoyed the freedom to grow and believe in my labors happiness. up next to toasted you hiding the sun my skin. trying to follow them confine of the seas as well wishing one day be as you but i saw growing up and that my gaps growth .<em></em></strong><em> interrupts writing one of them on the wall:
... Birds and we seem confused in the sky and the sea. its movement is a great similarinfinitely ours. by instance. for reproduce places and we are in very favorable temperatures. Our food to go for atractilemovements resort in places, where our hunger and thirst unite to hunt our prey. There are certain movements, seemed birds river near the sea; with love that in a small ball enjoying our offspring thousands of kilometers from hunting place chosen.
My father strand a day in the pacific sea rivera, seeing some odd birds in groups, moving choreography of side to side, changing their appearance or disordering composition, rare birds when they reached another species, but enough with birds are you were visiting for them with their move to, they give the spectator the camouflage invisibility, violated them to be your space.
Snifp: but the move with air allays tour and return either in any direction. and when i feel abandoned by my wishes of faith or of love, which will be the right move?. One of them says: the movement may not porte nothing, or also something ruined, importantly possessing energy for all be alive call the highest levels rising to pay for that move your body energy; something like love for fuel survive, perhaps not frustrating not to have to turn disoriented when we storms at sea with boats and we want trap, without relying on a moment to pray, to save our destinations. Snifp, think that as you suffer, it happens to us. the blankets impassive, floating on the piece and brought them to Snifp the miles genealogies and exhausted by origins of existence.The cornerstone of movement, time division yours and mine, separated by both affected synchronicity things for immense currents.
Snifp replY: if, if you !!. but both to animals wevanished others because you have eyes for men only see your interests. <strong></strong></em><strong> Snifp as if you are thinking _</strong> ourselves the told, what confusion ... not !!.
Thenin men, animals are invisible visible and motion forms. But yes, each generation of movements different article, since each margin regarding your drive specific functionschanging the man, what you plenty of activity what to generate be blindedno recalling the advancement finallyto not to repeat their mistakes. Snipf words in good men living in a house of fears caused by collective and not totally bad habits subjugations evolved animals. An animal, a being who owned and self contained and do nothingnot selfsupply materiality.
We do not pray toGod, just keep your policy creation and preservation, just keep your commands as a whole to vibrate, knowing and ignoring sometimes. This is our Creator. Stingrays sailing in my Mindand inthe spreading architectural dreaming.
The rolling waves hypnotically
make me forget momentarily
the torrent of regret which envelops me.
This heavy cloak I drag around everywhere I go
weighing me down, drowning everything I have ever loved,
making me plead with God from bended knee to sky above
to release me,
to change the tides of time and destiny,
to take me back,
to before
when things were fine.
A time when I knew what happy felt like.
When I didn't feel abandoned as a shipwreck on dusty sand,
listening to the sounds of the rolling tides and ominous skies,
with only the ocean to hear my desperate cries.
Relationship are rough,
sailin the ever changin tides of emotion.
They dont come bout easy,
they require a lot of hard work!
Some days be jolly!
But sometime things dont go yer way.
Some days theres a change in the wind,
a change in the current,
that goes against the riggins o yer ship
an ye struggle,
but that doesnt mean yer ship is sinkin!
Dont walk the plank now,
just cause the imminent Kraken
of breakup and doubt
is in hot pursuit o yer vessel!
Like Dido,
ye wont be goin down with this ship,
therell be no white flag!
Are ye really going to let some bombastic baboons pillage yer lass?
No yer not!
Yer goin to drop yer anchor
an' battle for that nigh uncatchable ship.
But if ye be captured,
a faith worse than Davy Jones' Locker,
an' they say walk the plank
then youll walk that plank,
but yell cross the seven seas to meet them again!
Storms they pass,
with lil' damage,
if ye just brace and stick it out
'Cos for the right ship,
ye do anythin'
Never understood
How to write a full
Sentence,
But did figure out
How to put down
Random silly syllables
In just aminute,
Never figured out
How to play the flute,
But i did learn how
To pick fruit,
Caught a cricket
Never understood
The game cricket,
To my dearest
Never meant to make you
Cry or break your spirit...
That was my younger self,
I've grown and have learned
New ways to carry myself,
I know you'll never rest your
Eyes on this...
This being a poem i wrote
Well
More typed on my phone
While you was in the back
Of my dome,
I know I'll never aton
For the actions i have sewn,
Just know my shoes
I walked in
holding your hands
I've out grown,
I have became a different
man,
I'm sorry for not telling you
That ever time i looked
In your eyes i drowned,
They where so blue they
would remind a pirate
Why he loves the ocean,
That Sunday nothing
but loud lust moaning
this Sunday nothing
but silence,
I do regret the
choices I have chosen,
I'll end it there
For my memories
found a way
through the catacombs,
But my bowman took them
Out thank goodness,
He who took the shoot
Shall be my
yeoman,
Honor killed the Shogun
Snowman left in the snow
Was abandoned,
Young girls heart was stolen,
So much stress took a
Nap fell asleep on
the cushion,
I'm living the life of a
foreigner,
Cant understand no one
Working for a dollar
Selling my so called freedom,
Thinking of home..
Falling in love with a woman
Often,
Fortune lady try to tell me my fortune i said
" no thanks for you
can not tell me my own future"
If you did it would
just be a rumor,
Woke up late cause the
Cougar killed the rooster,
Didn't see it so i guess that
Makes me the accuser,
Gotta find it put her in
The scope and remover,
But if a shark did it
I guess I'll have to harpooner,
Get blood on my carpet
I'll have to shampooer,
Either way I'll have to
kill the evildoer,
But probably offer her
A job and interviewer,
Fall in love and Honeymooner,
Find a cloning factory and
reproducer,
But i got a better manoeuvre,
I'll go to church
and scream Hallelujah,
Hopefully that'll be one
Step closer to get the doors
To heaven to open,
Dose this count as a poem??
Pirates in their day,
Were accused of all sorts of debauchery,
Some true,
Others nay,
I read,
"Pirates fer Dummies" once,
And it was enlightening.
But I like seeing it from the pirate's point of view,
So often not explored,
As a quest for the dualistic animal freedom upon,
The rabid seas,
Totally unnatural for these men of two legs,
Sometimes one,
And the subculture that develops as,
Outcasts,
Thrown away from the majority culture,
Because of,
Everything gone wrong,
Giving into the darkness,
Driving into the storm.
It makes me shudder,
As I bite into a raw lime.
Meanwhile Ulysses and the swineherd had lit a fire in the hut and
were were getting breakfast ready at daybreak for they had sent the
men out with the pigs. When Telemachus came up, the dogs did not bark,
but fawned upon him, so Ulysses, hearing the sound of feet and
noticing that the dogs did not bark, said to Eumaeus:
Eumaeus, I hear footsteps; I suppose one of your men or some one of
your acquaintance is coming here, for the dogs are fawning urn him and
not barking.
The words were hardly out of his mouth before his son stood at the
door. Eumaeus sprang to his feet, and the bowls in which he was mixing
wine fell from his hands, as he made towards his master. He kissed his
head and both his beautiful eyes, and wept for joy. A father could not
be more delighted at the return of an only son, the child of his old
age, after ten years absence in a foreign country and after having
gone through much hardship. He embraced him, kissed him all over as
though he had come back from the dead, and spoke fondly to him saying:
So you are come, Telemachus, light of my eyes that you are. When
I heard you had gone to Pylos I made sure I was never going to see you
any more. Come in, my dear child, and sit down, that I may have a good
look at you now you are home again; it is not very often you come into
the country to see us herdsmen; you stick pretty close to the town
generally. I suppose you think it better to keep an eye on what the
suitors are doing.
So be it, old friend, answered Telemachus, but I am come now
because I want to see you, and to learn whether my mother is still
at her old home or whether some one else has married her, so that
the bed of Ulysses is without bedding and covered with cobwebs.
She is still at the house, replied Eumaeus, grieving and breaking
her heart, and doing nothing but weep, both night and day
continually.
As spoke he took Telemachus spear, whereon he crossed the stone
threshold and came inside. Ulysses rose from his seat to give him
place as he entered, but Telemachus checked him; Sit down, stranger.
said he, I can easily find another seat, and there is one here who
will lay it for me.
Ulysses went back to his own place, and Eumaeus strewed some green
brushwood on the floor and threw a sheepskin on top of it for
Telemachus to sit upon. Then the swineherd brought them platters of
cold meat, the remains from what they had eaten the day before, and he
filled the bread baskets with bread as fast as he could. He mixed wine
also in bowls of ivy-wood, and took his seat facing Ulysses. Then they
laid their hands on the good things that were before them, and as soon
as they had had enough to eat and drink Telemachus said to Eumaeus,
Old friend, where does this stranger come from? How did his crew
bring him to Ithaca, and who were they?-for assuredly he did not
come here by land
To this you answered, O swineherd Eumaeus, My son, I will tell
you the real truth. He says he is a Cretan, and that he has been a
great traveller. At this moment he is running away from a
Thesprotian ship, and has refuge at my station, so I will put him into
your hands. Do whatever you like with him, only remember that he is
your suppliant.
I am very much distressed, said Telemachus, by what you have just
told me. How can I take this stranger into my house? I am as yet
young, and am not strong enough to hold my own if any man attacks
me. My mother cannot make up her mind whether to stay where she is and
look after the house out of respect for public opinion and the
memory of her husband, or whether the time is now come for her to take
the best man of those who are wooing her, and the one who will make
her the most advantageous offer; still, as the stranger has come to
your station I will find him a cloak and shirt of good wear, with a
sword and sandals, and will send him wherever he wants to go. Or if
you like you can keep him here at the station, and I will send him
clothes and food that he may be no burden on you and on your men;
but I will not have him go near the suitors, for they are very
insolent, and are sure to ill-treat him in a way that would greatly
grieve me; no matter how valiant a man may be he can do nothing
against numbers, for they will be too strong for him.
Then Ulysses said, Sir, it is right that I should say something
myself. I am much shocked about what you have said about the
insolent way in which the suitors are behaving in despite of such a
man as you are. Tell me, do you submit to such treatment tamely, or
has some god set your people against you? May you not complain of your
brothersfor it is to these that a man may look for support,
however great his quarrel may be? I wish I were as young as you are
and in my present mind; if I were son to Ulysses, or, indeed,
Ulysses himself, I would rather some one came and cut my head off, but
I would go to the house and be the bane of every one of these men.
If they were too many for meI being single-handedI would rather
die fighting in my own house than see such disgraceful sights day
after day, strangers grossly maltreated, and men dragging the women
servants about the house in an unseemly way, wine drawn recklessly,
and bread wasted all to no purpose for an end that shall never be
accomplished.
And Telemachus answered, I will tell you truly everything. There is
no emnity between me and my people, nor can I complain of brothers, to
whom a man may look for support however great his quarrel may be. Jove
has made us a race of only sons. Laertes was the only son of
Arceisius, and Ulysses only son of Laertes. I am myself the only son
of Ulysses who left me behind him when he went away, so that I have
never been of any use to him. Hence it comes that my house is in the
hands of numberless marauders; for the chiefs from all the
neighbouring islands, Dulichium, Same, Zacynthus, as also all the
principal men of Ithaca itself, are eating up my house under the
pretext of paying court to my mother, who will neither say point blank
that she will not marry, nor yet bring matters to an end, so they
are making havoc of my estate, and before long will do so with
myself into the bargain. The issue, however, rests with heaven. But do
you, old friend Eumaeus, go at once and tell Penelope that I am safe
and have returned from Pylos. Tell it to herself alone, and then
come back here without letting any one else know, for there are many
who are plotting mischief against me.
I understand and heed you, replied Eumaeus; you need instruct
me no further, only I am going that way say whether I had not better
let poor Laertes know that you are returned. He used to superintend
the work on his farm in spite of his bitter sorrow about Ulysses,
and he would eat and drink at will along with his servants; but they
tell me that from the day on which you set out for Pylos he has
neither eaten nor drunk as he ought to do, nor does he look after
his farm, but sits weeping and wasting the flesh from off his bones.
Mores the pity, answered Telemachus, I am sorry for him, but
we must leave him to himself just now. If people could have everything
their own way, the first thing I should choose would be the return
of my father; but go, and give your message; then make haste back
again, and do not turn out of your way to tell Laertes. Tell my mother
to send one of her women secretly with the news at once, and let him
hear it from her.
Thus did he urge the swineherd; Eumaeus, therefore, took his
sandals, bound them to his feet, and started for the town. Minerva
watched him well off the station, and then came up to it in the form
of a womanfair, stately, and wise. She stood against the side of the
entry, and revealed herself to Ulysses, but Telemachus could not see
her, and knew not that she was there, for the gods do not let
themselves be seen by everybody. Ulysses saw her, and so did the dogs,
for they did not bark, but went scared and whining off to the other
side of the yards. She nodded her head and motioned to Ulysses with
her eyebrows; whereon he left the hut and stood before her outside the
main wall of the yards. Then she said to him:
Ulysses, noble son of Laertes, it is now time for you to tell
your son: do not keep him in the dark any longer, but lay your plans
for the destruction of the suitors, and then make for the town. I will
not be long in joining you, for I too am eager for the fray.
As she spoke she touched him with her golden wand. First she threw a
fair clean shirt and cloak about his shoulders; then she made him
younger and of more imposing presence; she gave him back his colour,
filled out his cheeks, and let his beard become dark again. Then she
went away and Ulysses came back inside the hut. His son was
astounded when he saw him, and turned his eyes away for fear he
might be looking upon a god.
Stranger, said he, how suddenly you have changed from what you
were a moment or two ago. You are dressed differently and your
colour is not the same. Are you some one or other of the gods that
live in heaven? If so, be propitious to me till I can make you due
sacrifice and offerings of wrought gold. Have mercy upon me.
And Ulysses said, I am no god, why should you take me for one? I am
your father, on whose account you grieve and suffer so much at the
hands of lawless men.
As he spoke he kissed his son, and a tear fell from his cheek on
to the ground, for he had restrained all tears till now. but
Telemachus could not yet believe that it was his father, and said:
You are not my father, but some god is flattering me with vain
hopes that I may grieve the more hereafter; no mortal man could of
himself contrive to do as you have been doing, and make yourself old
and young at a moments notice, unless a god were with him. A second
ago you were old and all in rags, and now you are like some god come
down from heaven.
Ulysses answered, Telemachus, you ought not to be so immeasurably
astonished at my being really here. There is no other Ulysses who will
come hereafter. Such as I am, it is I, who after long wandering and
much hardship have got home in the twentieth year to my own country.
What you wonder at is the work of the redoubtable goddess Minerva, who
does with me whatever she will, for she can do what she pleases. At
one moment she makes me like a beggar, and the next I am a young man
with good clothes on my back; it is an easy matter for the gods who
live in heaven to make any man look either rich or poor.
As he spoke he sat down, and Telemachus threw his arms about his
father and wept. They were both so much moved that they cried aloud
like eagles or vultures with crooked talons that have been robbed of
their half fledged young by peasants. Thus piteously did they weep,
and the sun would have gone down upon their mourning if Telemachus had
not suddenly said, In what ship, my dear father, did your crew
bring you to Ithaca? Of what nation did they declare themselves to be-
for you cannot have come by land?
I will tell you the truth, my son, replied Ulysses. It was the
Phaeacians who brought me here. They are great sailors, and are in the
habit of giving escorts to any one who reaches their coasts. They took
me over the sea while I was fast asleep, and landed me in Ithaca,
after giving me many presents in bronze, gold, and raiment. These
things by heavens mercy are lying concealed in a cave, and I am now
come here on the suggestion of Minerva that we may consult about
killing our enemies. First, therefore, give me a list of the
suitors, with their number, that I may learn who, and how many, they
are. I can then turn the matter over in my mind, and see whether we
two can fight the whole body of them ourselves, or whether we must
find others to help us.
To this Telemachus answered, Father, I have always heard of your
renown both in the field and in council, but the task you talk of is a
very great one: I am awed at the mere thought of it; two men cannot
stand against many and brave ones. There are not ten suitors only, nor
twice ten, but ten many times over; you shall learn their number at
once. There are fifty-two chosen youths from Dulichium, and they
have six servants; from Same there are twenty-four; twenty young
Achaeans from Zacynthus, and twelve from Ithaca itself, all of them
well born. They have with them a servant Medon, a bard, and two men
who can carve at table. If we face such numbers as this, you may
have bitter cause to rue your coming, and your revenge. See whether
you cannot think of some one who would be willing to come and help
us.
Listen to me, replied Ulysses, and think whether Minerva and
her father Jove may seem sufficient, or whether I am to try and find
some one else as well.
Those whom you have named, answered Telemachus, are a couple of
good allies, for though they dwell high up among the clouds they
have power over both gods and men.
These two, continued Ulysses, will not keep long out of the fray,
when the suitors and we join fight in my house. Now, therefore, return
home early to-morrow morning, and go about among the suitors as
before. Later on the swineherd will bring me to the city disguised
as a miserable old beggar. If you see them ill-treating me, steel your
heart against my sufferings; even though they drag me feet foremost
out of the house, or throw things at me, look on and do nothing beyond
gently trying to make them behave more reasonably; but they will not
listen to you, for the day of their reckoning is at hand.
Furthermore I say, and lay my saying to your heart, when Minerva shall
put it in my mind, I will nod my head to you, and on seeing me do this
you must collect all the armour that is in the house and hide it in
the strong store room. Make some excuse when the suitors ask you why
you are removing it; say that you have taken it to be out of the way
of the smoke, inasmuch as it is no longer what it was when Ulysses
went away, but has become soiled and begrimed with soot. Add to this
more particularly that you are afraid Jove may set them on to
quarrel over their wine, and that they may do each other some harm
which may disgrace both banquet and wooing, for the sight of arms
sometimes tempts people to use them. But leave a sword and a spear
apiece for yourself and me, and a couple oxhide shields so that we can
snatch them up at any moment; Jove and Minerva will then soon quiet
these people. There is also another matter; if you are indeed my son
and my blood runs in your veins, let no one know that Ulysses is
within the houseneither Laertes, nor yet the swineherd, nor any of
the servants, nor even Penelope herself. Let you and me exploit the
women alone, and let us also make trial of some other of the men
servants, to see who is on our side and whose hand is against us.
Father, replied Telemachus, you will come to know me by and by,
and when you do you will find that I can keep your counsel. I do not
think, however, the plan you propose will turn out well for either
of us. Think it over. It will take us a long time to go the round of
the farms and exploit the men, and all the time the suitors will be
wasting your estate with impunity and without compunction. Prove the
women by all means, to see who are disloyal and who guiltless, but I
am not in favour of going round and trying the men. We can attend to
that later on, if you really have some sign from Jove that he will
support you.
Thus did they converse, and meanwhile the ship which had brought
Telemachus and his crew from Pylos had reached the town of Ithaca.
When they had come inside the harbour they drew the ship on to the
land; their servants came and took their armour from them, and they
left all the presents at the house of Clytius. Then they sent a
servant to tell Penelope that Telemachus had gone into the country,
but had sent the ship to the town to prevent her from being alarmed
and made unhappy. This servant and Eumaeus happened to meet when
they were both on the same errand of going to tell Penelope. When they
reached the House
What's new? Have you heard?
Bad statistics up a third
Someone said a naughty word
Candid shot with nipples blurred
Terrorists and pirate fleets
Politician/Mango tweets
Weather bombs, infernal heats
Docu-dramas and repeats
How to drop a size for spring
A kitten with a ball of string
Arguments from either wing
Adverts selling everything
Striking blows, legal highs
Diplomatic compromise
Close ups of the royal thighs
Bastard wins the nobel prize
A baby drinking anti-freeze
Retention fighting llama cheese
IMFs and IEDs
With overheads and hidden fees
Settlements and legal action
Kidnap by extremist faction
Cartoon dogs and brief distraction
Now, about your next transaction
Shorter cash and longer queues
Horoscopes and cryptic clues
Underpayment overdues
I wonder why they call it news?
Vicomte de Foucault, lorsque vous empoigntes
L'loquent Manuel de vos mains auvergnates,
Comme l'ocan bout quand tressaille l'Etna,
Le peuple tout entier s'mut et frissonna ;
On vit, sombre lueur, poindre mil huit cent trente
L'antique royaut, fire et rcalcitrante,
Chancela sur son trne, et dans ce noir moment
On sentit commencer ce vaste croulement ;
Et ces rois, qu'on punit d'oser toucher un homme,
Etaient grands, et mls  notre histoire en somme,
Ils avaient derrire eux des sicles blouis,
Henri quatre et Coutras, Damiette et saint-Louis.
Aujourd'hui, dans Paris, un prince de la pgre,
Un pied plat, copiant Faustin, singe d'un ngre,
Plus faux qu'Ali pacha, plus cruel que Rosas,
Fourre en prison la loi, met la gloire  Mazas,
Chasse l'honneur, le droit, les probits punies,
Orateurs, gnraux, reprsentants, gnies,
Les meilleurs serviteurs du sicle et de l'tat,
Et c'est tout ! et le peuple, aprs cet attentat,
Soufflet mille fois sur ces faces illustres,
Va voir de l'Elyse tinceler les lustres,
Ne sent rien sur sa joue, et contemple Csar !
Lui, souverain, il suit en esclave le char !
Il regarde danser dans le Louvre les matres,
Ces immondes faisant vis--vis  ces tratres,
La fraude en grand habit, le meurtre en apparat,
Et le ventre Berger prs du ventre Murat !
On dit : - vivons ! adieu grandeur, gloire, esprance ! -
Comme si, dans ce monde, un peuple appel France,
Alors qu'il n'est plus libre, tait encor vivant !
On boit, on mange, on dort, on achte et l'on vend,
Et l'on vote, en riant des doubles fonds de l'urne
Et pendant ce temps-l, ce gredin taciturne,
Ce chacal  sang froid, ce corse hollandais,
Etale, front d'airain, son crime sous le dais,
Gorge d'or et de vin sa bande sclrate,
S'accoude sur la nappe, et cuvant, noir pirate,
Son guet-apens franais, son guet-apens romain,
Mche son cure-dents tach de sang humain !
Jersey, le 20 mai 1853.
Crack, a littlesound from the mast
Reacting cordially to the touch of the monsoon
On her old wooden structure
A tender embrace he gives
Stretching wide the black canvas
Whispering tales of the brave
The once beautiful and strong
But now lay wrecked at sea bottom
Harboring souls of the deadCaptain Black and his crew
An old map of the sea
To the lost moving island
Resting the rulers of the sea
The great kings of pirates
Whoosh, gentle waves drifting
Rocking us rhythmically
A musical sensation it feels
Like a fine tune of a classical
Conducted live in the open sea
Trumpets, trombones and tubas
Violins, violas and harps
A symphonic sound for the traveling souls
And as the sea guardians work
Attending to Captain White in his cabin
I stand on the deck
Relishing thecold breeze
Watching the moon shiftOn a midnight sail
Where pirates used to hunt for gold and burried treasures under the ocean
where waves dash against the beach of time where time is infinite and forever
where time never fades
where palm trees hang their lacy green leaves which provide shade
for all who sit upon this beach and few people live in this tropical paradise
but I sit here on the sandy beach and could forever
seashells all around me lie on this tropical beach
and I am just so content to watch the waves washing against the shore
and I gaze up to the rocky island cliffs which hold the beautiful
lacy palm trees which are my favourite of all
and hibiscus flowers are soaking in the beauty of the bright sun
little fishes beneath the ocean where pink coral and sea-green seaweed grow
while the sunrays hit below the ocean
little mossy pebbles and gems are beneath the pretty ocean
dolphins hop and dive back under the deep blue ocean
there they run and hide to escape the cruel teeth of sharks
<em>*</em>~Marian~
I am somewhere between the nadir and the zenith with the wind that blows behind me and who will find me now?
or do I bow before the circumstance,or take a chance,step out from the twilight,two steps out to the dark night,slight chance that there just might be ,somewhere other than this place that seems to fit this soul so tightly.
Down there,
the air became pollute,resolution has dissolved into the swamp like stew we once emerged from, crawl and sprawl our signature as if our nature was the hunting man,
neanderthal.
And Cro-Magnon thought he had the lot,he had not and never did.
The times are dreary,weary men walk home from work,exerting pressures on their tired bones and California was a dream they had in famine fare when food was scarce as were the ferry berths.
Up there,
the air gets clearer,smelling sweeter but palisades are built and pirates sell it by the litre to the thirsty,nothing beats a bit of commerce,it could be worse
I don't know how
I think I'll bow to circumstance.
My heart sails no more
but sinks.
Because high winds foretell
bitter storms
and
you're not my first mate.
The noise of the seashore.
Screaming summertime children, drown out their decibels.
Those thieving flaming seagulls.
Still they hover over seaside dives.
Humming, squawking on the rob.
Fearless pirates steal from the unwary.
Not mysterious albatross or any sailor boys
These birds,they are true ancient mariners.
Sail not upon the sea, but bathe in harbour lights.
Flying on the warming drift.
Carried on sunshine.
Immense, scary birds.
Just to pinch a pasty.
Cornering a cornet, the eater hath no place to hide.
Tussled and tangled in flowing summer hair.
They want your pasty,you are their victims andthey really do not care.
Fearless Herring gulls, not just after shining fish!
(C) Livvi
But Minerva went to the fair city of Lacedaemon to tell Ulysses son
that he was to return at once. She found him and Pisistratus
sleeping in the forecourt of Menelauss house; Pisistratus was fast
asleep, but Telemachus could get no rest all night for thinking of his
unhappy father, so Minerva went close up to him and said:
Telemachus, you should not remain so far away from home any longer,
nor leave your property with such dangerous people in your house; they
will eat up everything you have among them, and you will have been
on a fools errand. Ask Menelaus to send you home at once if you
wish to find your excellent mother still there when you get back.
Her father and brothers are already urging her to marry Eurymachus,
who has given her more than any of the others, and has been greatly
increasing his wedding presents. I hope nothing valuable may have been
taken from the house in spite of you, but you know what women are-
they always want to do the best they can for the man who marries them,
and never give another thought to the children of their first husband,
nor to their father either when he is dead and done with. Go home,
therefore, and put everything in charge of the most respectable
woman servant that you have, until it shall please heaven to send
you a wife of your own. Let me tell you also of another matter which
you had better attend to. The chief men among the suitors are lying in
wait for you in the Strait between Ithaca and Samos, and they mean
to kill you before you can reach home. I do not much think they will
succeed; it is more likely that some of those who are now eating up
your property will find a grave themselves. Sail night and day, and
keep your ship well away from the islands; the god who watches over
you and protects you will send you a fair wind. As soon as you get
to Ithaca send your ship and men on to the town, but yourself go
straight to the swineherd who has charge your pigs; he is well
disposed towards you, stay with him, therefore, for the night, and
then send him to Penelope to tell her that you have got back safe from
Pylos.
Then she went back to Olympus; but Telemachus stirred Pisistratus
with his heel to rouse him, and said, Wake up Pisistratus, and yoke
the horses to the chariot, for we must set off home.
But Pisistratus said, No matter what hurry we are in we cannot
drive in the dark. It will be morning soon; wait till Menelaus has
brought his presents and put them in the chariot for us; and let him
say good-bye to us in the usual way. So long as he lives a guest
should never forget a host who has shown him kindness.
As he spoke day began to break, and Menelaus, who had already risen,
leaving Helen in bed, came towards them. When Telemachus saw him he
put on his shirt as fast as he could, threw a great cloak over his
shoulders, and went out to meet him. Menelaus, said he, let me go
back now to my own country, for I want to get home.
And Menelaus answered, Telemachus, if you insist on going I will
not detain you. not like to see a host either too fond of his guest or
too rude to him. Moderation is best in all things, and not letting a
man go when he wants to do so is as bad as telling him to go if he
would like to stay. One should treat a guest well as long as he is
in the house and speed him when he wants to leave it. Wait, then, till
I can get your beautiful presents into your chariot, and till you have
yourself seen them. I will tell the women to prepare a sufficient
dinner for you of what there may be in the house; it will be at once
more proper and cheaper for you to get your dinner before setting
out on such a long journey. If, moreover, you have a fancy for
making a tour in Hellas or in the Peloponnese, I will yoke my
horses, and will conduct you myself through all our principal
cities. No one will send us away empty handed; every one will give
us somethinga bronze tripod, a couple of mules, or a gold cup.
Menelaus, replied Telemachus, I want to go home at once, for when
I came away I left my property without protection, and fear that while
looking for my father I shall come to ruin myself, or find that
something valuable has been stolen during my absence.
When Menelaus heard this he immediately told his wife and servants
to prepare a sufficient dinner from what there might be in the
house. At this moment Eteoneus joined him, for he lived close by and
had just got up; so Menelaus told him to light the fire and cook
some meat, which he at once did. Then Menelaus went down into his
fragrant store room, not alone, but Helen went too, with
Megapenthes. When he reached the place where the treasures of his
house were kept, he selected a double cup, and told his son
Megapenthes to bring also a silver mixing-bowl. Meanwhile Helen went
to the chest where she kept the lovely dresses which she had made with
her own hands, and took out one that was largest and most
beautifully enriched with embroidery; it glittered like a star, and
lay at the very bottom of the chest. Then they all came back through
the house again till they got to Telemachus, and Menelaus said,
Telemachus, may Jove, the mighty husband of Juno, bring you safely
home according to your desire. I will now present you with the
finest and most precious piece of plate in all my house. It is a
mixing-bowl of pure silver, except the rim, which is inlaid with gold,
and it is the work of Vulcan. Phaedimus king of the Sidonians made
me a present of it in the course of a visit that I paid him while I
was on my return home. I should like to give it to you.
With these words he placed the double cup in the hands of
Telemachus, while Megapenthes brought the beautiful mixing-bowl and
set it before him. Hard by stood lovely Helen with the robe ready in
her hand.
I too, my son, said she, have something for you as a keepsake
from the hand of Helen; it is for your bride to wear upon her
wedding day. Till then, get your dear mother to keep it for you;
thus may you go back rejoicing to your own country and to your home.
So saying she gave the robe over to him and he received it gladly.
Then Pisistratus put the presents into the chariot, and admired them
all as he did so. Presently Menelaus took Telemachus and Pisistratus
into the house, and they both of them sat down to table. A maid
servant brought them water in a beautiful golden ewer, and poured it
into a silver basin for them to wash their hands, and she drew a clean
table beside them; an upper servant brought them bread and offered
them many good things of what there was in the house. Eteoneus
carved the meat and gave them each their portions, while Megapenthes
poured out the wine. Then they laid their hands upon the good things
that were before them, but as soon as they had had had enough to eat
and drink Telemachus and Pisistratus yoked the horses, and took
their places in the chariot. They drove out through the inner
gateway and under the echoing gatehouse of the outer court, and
Menelaus came after them with a golden goblet of wine in his right
hand that they might make a drink-offering before they set out. He
stood in front of the horses and pledged them, saying, Farewell to
both of you; see that you tell Nestor how I have treated you, for he
was as kind to me as any father could be while we Achaeans were
fighting before Troy.
We will be sure, sir, answered Telemachus, to tell him everything
as soon as we see him. I wish I were as certain of finding Ulysses
returned when I get back to Ithaca, that I might tell him of the
very great kindness you have shown me and of the many beautiful
presents I am taking with me.
As he was thus speaking a bird flew on his right handan eagle with
a great white goose in its talons which it had carried off from the
farm yardand all the men and women were running after it and
shouting. It came quite close up to them and flew away on their
right hands in front of the horses. When they saw it they were glad,
and their hearts took comfort within them, whereon Pisistratus said,
Tell me, Menelaus, has heaven sent this omen for us or for you?
Menelaus was thinking what would be the most proper answer for him
to make, but Helen was too quick for him and said, I will read this
matter as heaven has put it in my heart, and as I doubt not that it
will come to pass. The eagle came from the mountain where it was
bred and has its nest, and in like manner Ulysses, after having
travelled far and suffered much, will return to take his revengeif
indeed he is not back already and hatching mischief for the suitors.
May Jove so grant it, replied Telemachus; if it should prove to
be so, I will make vows to you as though you were a god, even when I
am at home.
As he spoke he lashed his horses and they started off at full
speed through the town towards the open country. They swayed the
yoke upon their necks and travelled the whole day long till the sun
set and darkness was over all the land. Then they reached Pherae,
where Diocles lived who was son of Ortilochus, the son of Alpheus.
There they passed the night and were treated hospitably. When the
child of morning, rosy-fingered Dawn, appeared, they again yoked their
horses and their places in the chariot. They drove out through the
inner gateway and under the echoing gatehouse of the outer court. Then
Pisistratus lashed his horses on and they flew forward nothing
loath; ere long they came to Pylos, and then Telemachus said:
Pisistratus, I hope you will promise to do what I am going to ask
you. You know our fathers were old friends before us; moreover, we are
both of an age, and this journey has brought us together still more
closely; do not, therefore, take me past my ship, but leave me
there, for if I go to your fathers house he will try to keep me in
the warmth of his good will towards me, and I must go home at once.
Pisistratus thought how he should do as he was asked, and in the end
he deemed it best to turn his horses towards the ship, and put
Menelauss beautiful presents of gold and raiment in the stern of
the vessel. Then he said, Go on board at once and tell your men to do
so also before I can reach home to tell my father. I know how
obstinate he is, and am sure he will not let you go; he will come down
here to fetch you, and he will not go back without you. But he will be
very angry.
With this he drove his goodly steeds back to the city of the Pylians
and soon reached his home, but Telemachus called the men together
and gave his orders. Now, my men, said he, get everything in
order on board the ship, and let us set out home.
Thus did he speak, and they went on board even as he had said. But
as Telemachus was thus busied, praying also and sacrificing to Minerva
in the ships stern, there came to him a man from a distant country, a
seer, who was flying from Argos because he had killed a man. He was
descended from Melampus, who used to live in Pylos, the land of sheep;
he was rich and owned a great house, but he was driven into exile by
the great and powerful king Neleus. Neleus seized his goods and held
them for a whole year, during which he was a close prisoner in the
house of king Phylacus, and in much distress of mind both on account
of the daughter of Neleus and because he was haunted by a great sorrow
that dread Erinyes had laid upon him. In the end, however, he
escaped with his life, drove the cattle from Phylace to Pylos, avenged
the wrong that had been done him, and gave the daughter of Neleus to
his brother. Then he left the country and went to Argos, where it
was ordained that he should reign over much people. There he
married, established himself, and had two famous sons Antiphates and
Mantius. Antiphates became father of Oicleus, and Oicleus of
Amphiaraus, who was dearly loved both by Jove and by Apollo, but he
did not live to old age, for he was killed in Thebes by reason of a
womans gifts. His sons were Alcmaeon and Amphilochus. Mantius, the
other son of Melampus, was father to Polypheides and Cleitus.
Aurora, throned in gold, carried off Cleitus for his beautys sake,
that he might dwell among the immortals, but Apollo made Polypheides
the greatest seer in the whole world now that Amphiaraus was dead.
He quarrelled with his father and went to live in Hyperesia, where
he remained and prophesied for all men.
His son, Theoclymenus, it was who now came up to Telemachus as he
was making drink-offerings and praying in his ship. Friend said he,
now that I find you sacrificing in this place, I beseech you by
your sacrifices themselves, and by the god to whom you make them, I
pray you also by your own head and by those of your followers, tell me
the truth and nothing but the truth. Who and whence are you? Tell me
also of your town and parents.
Telemachus said, I will answer you quite truly. I am from Ithaca,
and my father is Ulysses, as surely as that he ever lived. But he has
come to some miserable end. Therefore I have taken this ship and got
my crew together to see if I can hear any news of him, for he has been
away a long time.
I too, answered Theoclymenus, am an exile, for I have killed a man
of my own race. He has many brothers and kinsmen in Argos, and they
have great power among the Argives. I am flying to escape death at
their hands, and am thus doomed to be a wanderer on the face of the
earth. I am your suppliant; take me, therefore, on board your ship
that they may not kill me, for I know they are in pursuit.
I will not refuse you, replied Telemachus, if you wish to join
us. Come, therefore, and in Ithaca we will treat you hospitably
according to what we have.
On this he received Theoclymenus spear and laid it down on the deck
of the ship. He went on board and sat in the stern, bidding
Theoclymenus sit beside him; then the men let go the hawsers.
Telemachus told them to catch hold of the ropes, and they made all
haste to do so. They set the mast in its socket in the cross plank,
raised it and made it fast with the forestays, and they hoisted
their white sails with sheets of twisted ox hide. Minerva sent them
a fair wind that blew fresh and strong to take the ship on her
course as fast as possible. Thus then they passed by Crouni and
Chalcis.
Presently the sun set and darkness was over all the land. The vessel
made a quick pass sage to Pheae and thence on to Elis, where the
Epeans rule. Telemachus then headed her for the flying islands,
wondering within himself whether he should escape death or should be
taken prisoner.
Meanwhile Ulysses and the swineherd were eating their supper in
the hut, and the men supped with them. As soon as they had had to
eat and drink, Ulysses began trying to prove the swineherd and see
whether he would continue to treat him kindly, and ask him to stay
on at the station or pack him off to the city; so he said:
Eumaeus, and all of you, to-morrow I want to go away and begin
begging about the town, so as to be no more trouble to you or to
your men. Give me your advice therefore, and let me have a good
guide to go with me and show me the way. I will go the round of the
city begging as I needs must, to see if any one will give me a drink
and a piece of bread. I should like also to go to the house of Ulysses
and bring news of her husband to queen Penelope. I could then go about
among the suitors and see if out of all their abundance they will give
me a dinner. I should soon make them an excellent servant in all sorts
of ways. Listen and believe when I tell you that by the blessing of
Mercury who gives grace and good name to the works of all men, there
is no one living who would make a more handy servant than I shouldto
put fresh wood on the fire, chop fuel, carve, cook, pour out wine, and
do all those services that poor men have to do for their betters.
The swineherd was very much disturbed when he heard this. Heaven
help me, he exclaimed, what ever can have put such a notion as
that into your head? If you go near the suitors you will be undone
to a certainty, for their pride and insolence reach the very
heavens. They would never
My heart drifted upon
the waves over the
Atlantic.
It was that night we
spoke online for the
first time. When we
were miles apart.
I placed it in a clam shell
to keep it safe so no
pirates or seagulls take
it away before it reaches
the bay.
I had hope and faith that
you'll hear it beat under
the seaweed and golden
sands that your gentle
feet will stand upon.
As you take your morning
stroll by the ocean's
beautiful blue
shores* ~
I was out sailing across the great blue green sea
Searching for a friend and the meaning of my dream
I came across another ship that looked like it had been crushed to bits
Slowly I approached and let out a cautious call
I wondered if anyone could even hear me at all
Then from the wreck a little voice unleashed a helpless cry
I saw her holding onto a rope, floating alone just trying not to die
Her hair was dripping wet, clothes a soaking mess
Shed been there for more than a few days if it were up to me to guess
I left my post and walked down to the ledge
I offered my hand and pulled her up onto the edge
Within a moment our eyes had locked, shed forgot the life she lost
All she wanted was to be saved
But I threw her back and she sank beneath the waves
121 to 140 of 3251 Poets
5678Viewsshow detailshide detailsSort by
Michael Fried
There are no poems by this poet on our website.
Julia de Burgos
There are no poems by this poet on our website.
Keith Waldrop (b. 1932)
Shipwreck in Haven, Part Four
Majesty
Susan Hahn
Anthem
Alice Lyons
Developers
The Boom and After the Boom
Walt Whitman (18191892)
When I Heard the Learnd Astronomer
Out of the Cradle Endlessly Rocking
Kazim Ali (b. 1971)
Ramadan
Speech
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow (18071882)
Aftermath
Hymn to the Night
Sharon Olds (b. 1942)
I Could Not Tell
Chamber Thicket
Billy Collins (b. 1941)
Silence
Reading an Anthology of Chinese Poems of the Sung Dynasty, I Pause To Admire the Length and Clarity of Their Titles
Corina Copp
There are no poems by this poet on our website.
Dorothea Grossman (19372012)
I have to tell you
For Allen Ginsberg
Bridget Lowe
There are no poems by this poet on our website.
Diane Burns
There are no poems by this poet on our website.
Beth Brant
There are no poems by this poet on our website.
Terrance Hayes (b. 1971)
Stick Elegy
Cocktails with Orpheus
Ann Taylor (17821866)
The Baby's Dance
The Cut
Chrystos
There are no poems by this poet on our website.
Amit Majmudar (b. 1979)
The Miscarriage
Instructions to an Artisan
Linda Rodriguez
There are no poems by this poet on our website.
5678
Avast yer hearty where's the party
where be the festive cheer
no Yule tide log nor mug of grog
to toast this time of year
Shiver me mate an empty plate
where is the fine roast bird
with golden veg around the edge
and gravy thickly stirred
Where be the cake for Davies sake
packed full of fruit and nuts
and marzipan with icing grand
to stuff this pirates guts
No double cream is this a dream
and figgy pudding... None
no sausage rolls or sweet filled bowls
where as your spirit gone
It's times like this I really miss
the indies and the tropics
let's go the pub I'm sure they've grub
and rum from clear optics
We'll make this night happy and bright
we'll share our love with friends
and toast for peace and wars to cease
and suffering to end
Let's do our parts open our hearts
let's share with folks our smile
and day by day in our own way
be happy for awhile
You stand here kissing the light.
A halo of red leaves fall past your head
Your lips leave sparks on my cheek
Your eyes are as steady as tree trunks
The touch of your hand,
Makes the wind roar.
Will you catch me if I fall?
I already am.
My shirt ripples like waves in thesea,
I wish to fall forever.
Because your mountain lion purr is my new favorite song,
I feel that your mysterious mind is made of music,
Each breath is a tune, each word is a melody,
You smell like brown cabins and daisies,
Your naked feet are the mud I am stuck in.
H e l p
I'm going to hit the ground and disappear into your orange hands.
You stand here kissing the light.
The gray skies are meant to be your background
Your rosy cheeks look far too kissable,
While you dance as if it's all you know how to do.
Every glance you grant me is a blessing and as i n,
Memories of lip balm and car rides flood my brain.
My dress is soaked, I'm drowning in you,
I wish you were lost in me too.
Your baffling blonde hair blinds me,
I can no longer see where I step.
Caught in a whirlpool, drinking all your thoughts,
Cold evenings, sweaty bodies,
You smell like blue trampolines and bubblegum.
This love is a shipwreck,
Oh God, This daydream has an expiration date,
I can't live off empty kisses and blue eyes.
You stand here kissing the light.
And breathing burgundy words.
Your hands are searching for a spark,
But your touch is as light as a bumble bees.
When you laugh, I no longer feel alone,
Because you make my heart beat again.
I stand on tiptoe and kiss your habitual hat,
Wishing I could be happy in your arms.
You are a sunny serene statue
In this seriously fast-paced fast-racing world.
But, notes passed and dying embers won't save me from
H o l l o wcar rides home.
You smell like warm blankets and hot sauce.
I warn you not to drink me,
I am spoiled milk.
Get out, before it's too late,
I don't love your yellow mind like I should.
a series of quatrains*
Anchors bound for hell as it falls
Sadly I watch the fast rope slip
It is gone, I need a strong sip
From a sailors bottle, land calls
In a boat, earth and moon move you
these deceptive cargo ships hide
the stash of smugglers, I choose
To rock back and forth with the tide
Such fearless ships save lives at night
and daytime too but not for thanks
for it also ferries heartbreak
when lovers part on boarding planks
A message in a bottle lost
was found on a cold Cornish coast
The message read darling please
know my love will swim across seas
I darent live by sea much longer
Oh! what Ive seen, fear gets stronger
with every lapping slurp I hear:
the drowned whispering in my ear
Once I fished in this bay of shells
My line was frayed from reeling sharks
A blue whale fought me three miles out
In his bowel I awoke at last
Boat or ship? For now ships they fly
A rocking chair, without duty
They float, enchant, sink but dont cry
shipwrecks are a thing of beauty
Fierce and bloodthirsty I am
and I'm always on the run
I'm an infamous but legendary man
and I'm always on the rum
No mercy do I have for those
Who attempt to bar my way
through the seven seas to my treasure troves
In life and blood they pay
Captain Redbeard
I will kill to make my name
Captain Redbeard
I will kill to stake my claim
Captain Redbeard
I'm a man of cursed fame
Captain Redbeard
and I will die alone in flames
Once a commander of the Navy
I went renegade when they betrayed me
and now there is no hope of escape
for the traitors who pray each day for safety
One for the admiral
One for the king
Two for the governor
and more for the Queen
When the Crimson Captain
Horror of the Seas
Finds you, your fate is bleak
Captain Redbeard
I will kill to make my name
Captain Redbeard
I will kill to stake my claim
Captain Redbeard
I'm a man of cursed fame
Captain Redbeard
and I will die alone in flames
Where am I?
Where do I begin
and more importantly
Where does the socially created me begins
and ends?
My mind is filled with thoughts
some relevent, most of them are beyond my control.
So where am I?
Where do I reside in all this wiring?
Where is Me, in all this genetic coding?
The eight percent of my behaviour
dictated by the environment I grew up in.
This complete package that is molded by my perants
is great..
But where am I?
What is it that makes me, me?
Do I reside in my heart? All battered and torn?
Do I reside in my thoughts? All shattered and worn..
Do I reside in Life? Swimming but the currents are strong.
Thrown from left to right, do I reside in the shipwreck of this storm?
Or am I the shipwreck trying to get to the shore?
It's frustrating how I feel lost
and how I am trying to find back my core.
But these questions remain unanswered..
I hope I will find them when I am home..
Cronenburglars stole my world
For the love of pretty girls
Cross dimentions, time and space
Somewhere that I have no face
Master what is thy command?
Tell me of your righteous plan
Bring to me the cattle's spore
You do this and nothing more
If you wish to spare his life
You must make a sacrifice
Dont you worry 'bout your wife
We'll make sure she sleeps tonight
Viscera comes raining down
Every city, every town
Diseases spread and do enlist
The pirates of the pancreas
Take me through your portal
Make me feel immortal
Student turns to teacher
Otherworldly creatures
Bureaucratic robots bleed just like you and me
If you're seeking answers I will give you eyes to see
My indecision is neatly stacked in lines along the walls.
It circles towards the center.
There is no drain in the middle of the sunken floor.
But by the way gravity seems to pull the endless stacks of papers along the walls, you would think the room was liquid.
You would easily be convinced that indecision is fluid.
I would say that I am torn, but truth be told, I am not.
I am simply sitting calmly in the space between two paths.
Some tell me I should trod where nobody ever has.
Others seem to think that I should pretend to be water,
Blend with my indecision, and just go with the flow.
And then there is the second pathway,
I would think it would be the opposite of trailblazing -
but that is where i stand in indecision.
No, the other path is also a path of resistance.
But not for the difficulty of the path.
This is the place where i must choose to chase the other shipwrecks,
or to head to the shore.
This is where i must either allow myself to be healed, accept the healing, move on, embrace my new life - or where i hold onto the chemicals - where i hold onto the emotions - where i hold onto the rush, the rollercoaster, the addictions -
where I , ironically, am met with the choice to define the value of my experiences
in terms of their unpredictability and the lack of wisdom and safety among them
or to choose wisely, disallow myself to continue in that which will further destroy me,
I have been empty, Now i must be filled.
The first girl I liked
Liked the Black Eyed Peas more
And she would sing
As she skipped circles around me in the schoolyard
My mom always told me she would grow up to be a lesbian
I wished she was right
The second girl I liked
Had a Hello Kitty tracksuit
And I still worried
About what to wear around her
I told her her religious waterbottle was tacky
And I know weve both cried over that
The third girl I liked
Sailed on a pirate ship
And sometimes we would laugh about it
But sometimes we wouldnt
I liked the way her eyes looked when she laughed
I still do
The fourth girl I liked
Was the third girl I liked
I liked her for a long time
And sometimes we would laugh about it
but sometimes we wouldnt
My mom always told me she would grow up to be a lesbian
I wished she was right
The fifth time I liked someone
For the first time I liked someone
They turned out not to be a girl
but it was okay because I turned out not to be a girl either
I would never call a religion tacky now
The sixth time I liked someone
The fifth girl I liked
She wore a crown of fire everyday
Something someone else might call hair
We didnt last long because she came to realize that for her
I needed to be a girl too
I had a dream in October
One dark night, as the rain played the forgotten lullaby
Of a broken man who saw a rose strut down the catwalk
In her eyes, he saw the eruption of a volcano
A tree growing, branching out to feel the sun again
I had a dream in December
One afternoon, a blizzard came with little warning
White crystals attacked his lips
Froze his words before he could utter a word
The silver storm sung the sweetest song
While a cold, crisp, quite blanket of snow tucked him into bed
I had a dream in February
One early morning when the blossoms bloomed
Emeralds saw elegance float down the stairs
Carrying scarlet letters of atonement
Anyone could see the forgotten lullaby written on her face
I had a dream in July
One hot summers day, he kissed away the lies of a jealous guy
Mended the hole in the shipwreck with every gentle stroke of her tattoos
Now, a flawless smile lights the blue moon
As butterflies take them to a place, where love can never die
They had a dream
Of four seasons full of love and laughter
Where are we now
One year to this day
How far have we come
Since I asked you to stay
I find I'm no closer
To spanning the sea
Or bridging the oceans
That keep you from me
Just drifting across them
And casting asunder
The fleeting resistance
To being pulled under
Then asking myself
How do I still drown
In a love that was anchored
And dragging me down
Could it be that your warmth
Was the sand in my toes
Or that you felt at home
In my rock bottom woes
Be they sheltering monsters
Devoid of all light
Or shipwreck sunrises
From dreadnoughts at night
We still plotted a course
With no sense of direction
Searching for shores
At each sign of depression
Guided by hope
That Northern stars fading
Would never burn out
Should they just keep on waiting
For bottles of empty
To fill with each note
Containing the words
That could save our lifeboat
But dear Aphrodite
The hole in this plot
Was the bluest of vessels
Poseidon forgot
Reigning king,
Raining blood;
End of times,
Returning floods.
Electric noose,
Diviner's code;
Out with the in and out with the old.
Go back to the start of anything new;
A cycle of dreams that never come true.
I'm stuck with the mess that you've made for me.
I'm stuck with this wreck of filth and greed.
I've tried my best to fix this tired and broken bed,
But as it is, I'll be freer when I'm dead.
Inspiring art,
Inspiring fraud.
Long live the pirates, and death to your god.
The cycle of life spins again,
But where will you be when they open-up your head?
I'm stuck in this nest that you've made for me.
I'm stuck with this wreck of filth and greed.
I've tried my best to fix this tired and broken bed,
But as it is, I'll be freer when I'm dead.
Designing dreams,
Designer drugs;
An illusive freedom plagued with bugs.
What will be left when you die?
Only the carnage; no memories left behind.
I'm stuck in this noose that you've tied for me.
I'm stuck with this wreck of filth and greed.
I've tried my best to fix this tired and broken bed,
But as it is, I'll be freer when I'm dead.
this is how we survive without living:
on diets of choked-down words
and blood from bitten tongues,
drinking sun that blisters open lips.
we are the ones who taste heaven
by killing pieces of ourselves,
the mortal realizations of all things
romanticized into tragedies.
when we walk through gardens
the roots of trees tug at our feet,
the soles sink into the earth;
still, we cannot walk below the ground.
when we skim flat rocks over black waves
we awaken the fairer sirens
who dwell in fog like the stones we throw
and sing our bodies into mist.
but if we learn to tread water long enough,
our bare toes will kick up the dirt
and unearth the skeletons of shipwrecks;
these, at last, will sail us home.
Bored poets write ennui
Sad poets psalms
Bad poets penning's
Are made into songs
Silly poets write limericks
And limericks they read
Drunk poets write scribbles
Drenched in their mead
Angry young men
Write rants by the hour
While wide-eyed young women
Of bunnies and flowers
Idiots write nonsense
Off the seat of their pants,
Got news for you!
<em>So do savants!</em>
Gays write of rainbows
Some write sonnets of old,
Storytellers write
Of pirate plunder and gold.
Broken poets write humbly
Strong writes unadorned,
Godly poets write of Roses
<em>mean spirits of thorns.</em>
Soul Survivor
I beam as I scheme and who gives a fuck if I duck and I dive it's what I have to do to get by and to thrive,while the cops in their cars the modern day tsars are grafting away,getting more than their pay in backhanders and doughnuts.
My M.P'S on a freebee and it's paid for by me,me, in the taxes they take and they're breaking me down,it's time to get out of this town and head West.
I'll take a schooner from Bristol,carry a pistol,become a pirate,a buccaneer,sail near and far and the cops in their cars will have no chance to catch me or give me an asbo,
does anyone know what an asbo looks like?
or I could take the long view,play the long game,get a good name.
No,
I'd rather be a privateer anything away from here,does anyone know how to steer a ship?
Loves Advocate Speaks Life
-Jimmy Desire

All the gold in the world
Doesnt compare to you love

Both are treasures
In which case,
Makes them hard to find
They corrupt the mind
Causing their victims to want more and more
Pirates,
Scour the world
Inheriting deception and creed
For the things they claim they need
Companions become enemies
As this intoxication spreads,
They lose sight of the important
They saying is,
One mans trash is another mans treasure
So they find what one has lost
Reclaim them as their own
Then obliviously loses apart of themselves

The hunger that starves your heart
Is against human nature
Feeding it
Maybe the greatest satisfaction
Yet the little things in life
Can bring you just as much pleasure
So cherish them
Because theyre just as important
he calls me siren
and my brain automatically processes,
luring people to an imminent death.
after explaining the definition of a siren,
the man redacted his comment,
apologizes,
going on to explain its the way
i am alluring as if that can take
back the moment my exs point
a ended up in a girls point b.
as if trying to sink my head below
the waves every night couldnt feed
that animalistic appetite of his.
he calls me siren,
and i cant help but think
about how draining it feels like
to have the aspiration to sing
but the fear of having to count
my casualties like sheep during
the night. like pills during the day.
we practice open mouth kissing
like youre eating my words. we
embrace, and it feels like constriction.
i am a siren,
i lure people in wearing a chastity belt
and expect the ship not to sink. most of
these ships are pirate ships - there is
nothing pure about their intentions of
stealing my gold.
we romanticize the flames
as pure light
the choruses
as church hymns
until we are digging sailors graves
and watching the flames go out.
i am a siren, and i have not dared
to open my mouth lest i will bring death.
THE CREASE'S OF HIS LIPS
THE STRENGTH OF HIS STROKE
HIS BARTON VOICE
SOOTHESMY SOUL
WITH THE TOUCH THAT'S
GOLD
HE SET MY SOUL ON FIRE MY 1 &amp; ONLY DESIRE
KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
You told me that if you drink
before 10 A.M. you were a pirate
<em>not an alcoholic</em>.
But pirates dont drive,
they sail.
They <em>smoothly</em> sail.
And as the Captain,
abiding by the code,
you went down with your ship
but then again,
you washed up in a jail cell.
Matthew Harlovic
O' with the mink's wheel the pirate cranks out a sweet ballad of desperate tragedy-
O' when will her sun set in my valley of various rays-
O' mountain horse and stinky steed, where is your knight in the abandoned dew-
O' shrewd sheep let me have your wool, for me it is not, I pray for the baby stars of the hungry day-
O' dream let me awaken from your hold-
O' day so fair and wild I see not the climate of your youth, I see not the Shepard's cane-
O' night long and slender let me clean your dark with my forming brew-
O' let there be someway to see the roads that flash amber in her eyes, in her mouth snow forms rocky terrain and I cannot pass-
Give me
the darkened doorway
the cause behind
the bricked up window.
Indigo shipwrecks
of tatty saloons
on ill lit streets of moody repute,
where the glorious truth of
of all imperfection
is welcomed,
accepted,
made beautiful.
Here I am among my people.
Give me the handshake
of needle on vinyl,
the tannin stained chapters
of Gideon bibles to burn
in the grate of
a derelict crib.
There is nothing as wry
as the smile
of children, in thrall
to the cancerous faiths
they were given
who grieve for the loss
of a parent still living
in letters.

Those
hereditary tenants of sediment means
examining tea- leaves in tardy
canteens off a tenement floor, while
studying fate in a library of faces,
one eye to the weather.
So waltz with the dealing
Phoenician itinerants, clevered
in scandal of travellers tattle,
to bring out
the stories of war.
I embrace Undesire
Come
tambourine laughter
of river bohemia redeemed
with the nurturing sapphire of gin,
that I take as a galloping flame
to a dry August heath.

We are
all of us ever
but one step from murder,
All of us ever
one breath from release.
The pain.
It just pulls me down.
Sucks me right into the ground.
Or at least I feel that way.
Physically I look ok.
But mentally i'm worse than a shipwreck.
My soul soul has sunk into the depths of the ocean and is pulling my mind along with it.
I want my soul to come back up but it can't float anymore because theres a hole in it and now its submerged in the depths of the ocean.
Like an explosion;
In slow motion, a tidal wave crashes
This ironclad vessel beginning to thrash
The corroded bolts past their toll
Give way exposing the hull
Capsizing the flood gates,
<strong>Negating promise of a safe harbor ashore</strong>
Amidst the panic and commotion
Together we sank, into the ocean;
<em>Sailing the high seas of impassion
I was impassive, &amp;
Like an anchor</em>
<strong>Love plunged to unimaginable new fathoms</strong>
Dragging us down;
Perilously we claw hand over fist
The sorrows we drown
Adrift the turmoil and wreckage
Bubbles ascend toward the surface
(Spluttered echoes of our last choked hopes)
Water fills our lungs expunging the air
Fearing the end I daresay;
take away my breath baby
Death is only the beginning
Dead ahead
<em>Shallow water blackout,</em>
There's no turning back now,
Let's die as we lived
Such a simple synonym of a great yellow house
swaddled in the shadows on a flat patch in the backyard
a refuge resting of bric-a-brac and ornamental knickknacks
with a paint chipped porch that beamed once a brilliant white
a birdhouse filled with straw the previous owners left behind
a plywood room banished with no insulation and one lonely window
something of substance, with grainy walls to hold me up
a quiet place to talk to myself when the sun goes to sleep
where the imagination springs open deliciously
behind that old closed door that creaks
a cube where prayers share the stale air with the stillness of time
improvised shelving of old milk crates battered as gypsies
like migrating baggage nomadic through the years
that rainbow hammock hanging loose from the rafters
a husk to lift a weary back, a sheath to house the soul
a shaky legged easel from my love, nested into its very own corner
reflecting outward like a mirror so I might better see myself
the plastic man of goldmodestly retired above the window seal
the only trophy I ever felt I ever earned
an electric heater rattling its nonsense in the cold night air
amusing any shivering listener who cares to be warmed
A string of soft incandescent lights that dangle overhead
perfectly framing the faded native masks like vibrant yellow teeth
wilted candles scattered amongst the odds and ends
there wax bellies spattered on the floor to keep the paint drippings company
a mess of tousled brushes protruding from the dented silver can
wearing disheveled hairpieces to match their eccentric ways
the squatting antique box with its stitching and fat brass latches
enshrined as a tiny monument to the mantis and the moth
secrets scribbled on the dead parchment crammed into their tombs
journals that became maps on my journey to myself
icons harbored naive and coarse
to be plotted and stationed, rearranged and cherished
a cocoon that bursts from inside out
viscera stashed in a capsule to be kissed and romanced
the stacked canvases like a house of cards
leaning in tired on the supports of their brothers and sisters
the faces of reincarnation hanging on pushpins
those abstractions surreal in all their horrid geometry
the pirate ship, the aerosols
the old machine that holds the rotten gumballs
bolts and screws and arrowheads
a native tongue that enriches the enigma
not merely a physical escape of hoarded trinkets
fitted ad hoc with all the contrivances to tinker away the while
more abstractly a spiritual gathering of subdued memories
a space becoming itself a philosophy unraveling the details
Innocence
Trapped in the night
In the wilderness searching
For the meaning of life
Constantly dipping through gray and black
Wraith like and silent, slipping through undetected
I, Captain Shadow, stand guard at the wheel
Inky hair liquid alive around my shoulders
Whispers back and forth through the mist
Shady Lady glides easily through calm waters
No light penetrates her hull
Booty and women a plenty to plunder
But it's knowledge this captain seeks
Traveling the world over for barnacled secrets
Treasures that spark the mind and illuminate the darkness
A bottle of rot gut fits comfortably in my rough hands
Reinforcing sailor's spines grown weary
They all said a woman belonged on land
I pissed in their ale cups
Jumped my rails and set sail
A cold fire in my heart
Weaving through shadows into the night
*Come play in the dark
Spring, rainbows,
ordinary miracles
about which
nothing new can be said.
The stars on a clear night
of a New England winter;
the soft air of the islands
along the old
Spanish Main;
pirate gold shining
in the palm;
the odor of roses
to the lover's nose. . .
There is no more poetry
to be written
of these things.
The rainbow's sudden revelation--
behold!
The clich is true!
What can one say
but that?
So too
with you, little heart,
little miracle,
but you are
no less miracle
for being ordinary.
ethereal roots draped down upon me
slithered around my skull like serpents
sunk their teeth into my skin
and released a poison in my blood
my heart beats, I breathe
eyes dilate, breathing becomes orgasmic
a wet and warm sensation
tantalizes my skin and loosens my muscles
as if I was on a ship in the midst of fog
a pirate, with no destination but here
mystery lingering everywhere
in the rocks, in the trees
in the tones I collaborate
with the gravity of I and all that is
my guitar
my lover, for the night
everyone watching
and listening
to I and her
like pornography
though I did not mind
especially as Josh watched me
he would actually thank me
such a gentleman
always beaming with light
so, it was so refreshing
to hear about what he did not like
in the presence of my deep and dark tones
he thanked me
for enticing him
to greet his demons
and let them fly
it was nice to see such a gentle smile
in the presence of the black hole
he truly is
a gentle man
I wandered off to the restroom
turned on the fan
listened to the hum
and forgot why I was in
if I was out
and why I was everywhere
as I sunk to the floor
my head tilted towards the shower
hand extended out
to the mint garden on the floor
and there I was
greeting that which was all
I had missed these conversations
speaking to me of memories
of dancing with ghosts
and a grandfather within a table
sitting there in the living room,
before that wretched television
the mint leaves came alive
swirling around, like miniature galaxies
singing in tiny sighs:
miniature black holes
exposing their universe
to another
and the other
the same to theirs
and the same, same
to I
then I arose, feeling as loose
as the raging seas
and followed this feeling
to a dark shed in the backyard
therein, I found myself
in a black hole
a perfect fit
for me
waiting for me
waiting for my ship
to collapse
within its pits
I lie on the bed
my back flat
hands over my chest
head swirling around
as the Earth does
around the sun
and the hips
of an attuned woman
and there I was
shapeless
death
ready to live again
"Father?"
"Yes, Son?"
"I'd like a beer."
"One's on its way."
light poured in from the back porch
and blinded me
Josh, Brian and Moses come in
Brian only for a while
as he drifts off somewhere else
maybe too light
for the heavy waters around me
Josh,
he is in light, "Of Course"
Moses, says something funny
"You know, sometimes
it makes more sense
to drink your own piss
than to have a conversation."
I burst out laughing
a dark red light fills the room
"Right? 'cause at least there is water
in your piss.", I say
I look over to me left to Moses
and he says, "Exactly.
Would you like a beer?"
"Of Course."
when Moses comes back
he hands me the beer
and it is then
when I see him clear
his face, a yellow-tinged glass
demonic in shape
translucent, exposing black underneath
with red eyes
floating independently from him
as if they were a separate entity
one made its way towards me
the other, towards the door
I can only guess
it was towards her
and he smiled
and I heard the glass crack
SHATTER!
SHATTER GLASS DEMON!
let out a laugh,
I hoped he would
though only that cute smile
he always shows
showed its presence
just enough to not expose
the truly brilliant
and shapeless creature he is
I drink the beer
and I am sober.
the night
was over.
you're the best actor i have ever known
i adore you and i am not alone
my friends all say that you are a nutcase
i would like to taste
your beautiful face
I've seen all your films
beginning to end
you were cute back then
the best pirate I have seen or heard of
love
sweeny Todd
ichabod
he is not too odd
johnny depp is best
when misfortune tries to shipwreck my future and i'm enslaved by chains of doubt,youreach out a gentle loving hand to me and suddenly itsso very clear what this gift of love is, is all about.when fearwith deadly hands, slowly chokes life out of dreams, and I want to stay in bed, with the covers over head.strength that was inside leaks in a run like a fleeting bride,your love recaptures it all.when wide eyed unrest disturbs the street of my familiar, this happens each time you are not near ,and I hear the music skip in an uneven beat,than your hungry armscircle around meand the touchis a gentle fire.
Writing with a hexed pen
Bewilderment, ink-blot, psychotic again
And once again,
One more time for good measure.
"It seems you've discovered a shipwreck,
won't be long until you find the treasure."
Buried deep within the ruins even air cannot penetrate
So however soon you dredge it up,
You've come just a moment too late.
Crash upon the surface empty handed
quite irate,
After all you were relying on that fortune to fill a plate
So now your belly's aching, rumbling, quaking
As the Earth before demolishing Man's crude play-things
The sound of ten-thousand mortars
simultaneously striking the sand.
Quick, lend a hand, or head, or ears.
There's nothing to fear here.
The company is pleasant.
As long as we stay below ground
with the dust-bunny symphony
Field mice play the pianette
Dare I neglect the cat faced composer?
Whose whiskers entrance, enticing stupor.
In the game of life there are only losers.
God gives to take, he laughs when you complain,
For he is the deliverer of Love and of Pain.

Through the surface of fathomless sea
you can reach treasures and shipwrecks on bottom
which are not supposed to be hauled up from the deep
What is the truth?
"Finding", "searching".
It was worth it.
Not empty sea-bed is already good luck
Fears of disappointments aren't letting you breathe
Risk of losing yourself while searching silver lining in mazes
Strangles neck of willing
Not letting live life fully
We should not forget:
FAILURE- BETTER THAN NEGLECT...
You and I were
explorers of the first degree-
I was the leader but it was never as
fun without you, you know-
<em>you were essential too.</em>
We dammed streams and
built castles, drew maps and
hid in ferns
<em>taller than our heads</em>.
I named our places but
only for you (we spoke in
code; spies and pirates,
<em>explorers of the first degree</em>).
We had Greendip,
The Bracken Bubble,
Glory Glee with the ash tree
(your branch, and my branch,
and the Nasty Nipping Nettle Nasties
that we drew red  <em>danger</em>  on the map.)
We slid down hills on plastic
bags and ran up them with
matching hair tangling in
the wind and
I was the leader,
<em>but you were my crew.</em>
Your hair still matches mine
and although we no longer draw
maps on paper we are drawing one
every day (and when I see any
Nasty Nipping Nettle Nasties,
I mark them in red for you,
<em>and you do the same for me</em>).
I am no longer the leader (were
equals now, matching pioneers,
<em>and I love you</em>).
Go out there now ye varmint scum,
You'd best move fast now. Run, run, run.
Ye mustn't take me for a fool,
I was watching when you broke the rules.
Slashed the ropes and loosed your lip,
tried to wreck my dear old ship.
Bad for you this pirate be,
Now find your grave fresh in the sea!
One step, two steps, three steps, go!
No mercy heathen, ho, ho, ho!
No more gold nor rum for you,
No more plunder, no more stew.
I wouldn't save ye if I could,
now go on and walk that piece of wood.
Before long I'm sure You'll know
No mercies from the muck below.
The boys are here to watch the sentence,
and there shall be no appeal or repentance.
The jury ruled, the judge has spoken,
and the fury of the waves has woken.
Pray if ye want, it's your last breath.
Soon awaits a sudden death.
And if instead you choose to scoff,
I'll be quick to shove ye off.
I was a pirate born upon the tide ,and traveling the direction that the wind provides ,my mistress ,my ship is all I need gracefully through the southern cross we did proceed ,you welcome as any to come along but you'd do well to remember this iam the captain and this life is my ship
The treasures of a million loves,
The times I've had are priceless.
This wave pool nears me quickly and the ocean here is iceless.
This whiskey bourbon did the trick,
For all the times but this one here,
My pirate hat and red king coat,
Won't save my life or dry these tears.
The work of an entire lifetime,
Sinking in the ocean,
All my chances spent and gone,
Im drinking in the motion.
The sun bleeds red across the sky,
My golden goblet suckled dry,
This wooden platform takes my life,
The waves and depths of shiny eyes.
I suppose,
That this is where,
The world has gone,
Beneath my stare,
My bottle shatters,
With my care,
Ill join the masses,
Pirate lair.
(He sheds his coat and strips down. The sun sparkles off of the waves and all the millions of diamond rays glisten like the treasures of history. Water begins to rush over the wooden planks down the ship to where he stands. He salutes the sky, and drops his whiskey goblet, and the roaring water currents behind him drag him to the waters.)
Dusty books lay side-by-side
like aged soldiers, still ready to march.
Except the war of the shelves is not physical but mental,
and the battleground resides in ourselves.
Studying students retreat with sighs of surrender.
Tests are no longer a measure of knowledge,
but a measure of life lost to professors orders,
glued to rows of chairs with rigid backs.
In the past, this was a place of wonder
where children dragged their mothers by the hand,
longing to discover adventure and mystery
when imaginations spat out images of pirates and princesses.
Now, the aisles of books bring despair,
just more work in a world without play,
where we treat text like landmines of ink
rather than the golden treasure that words used to be.
But the soldiers on shelves still march on,
still full of adventure and mystery,
waiting for ally hands to grasp their spines,
caress their pages and drink in their words.
From his tattoos
to his crooked smile
to the way he chuckles at misfortune,
he's a sailor through and through.
He's a loose cannon,
a wild card,
a chance you take on fate
when you're not thinking clearly.
He's nothing more than trouble;
the way he wanders back to you
with splinters in his palms again
and blame already in his eyes.
But he's just so different,
you're just so drawn to this clumsy fighter
with a bad temper, a prison record, and
too much love for you.
The force pulling me home is stronger than
the pull of gravity at my feet.
Like the way
the negative side
is drawn to
the positive side
of a magnet;
No matter how many times
you pull them apart
No matter how far
you separate them,
eventually they're drawn
to each other again.
For years, I've told myself
I could do this on my own.
I would do this on my own.
Move half way across the world
And never blink.
But here I am, only an hour away,
and reaching the brink.
Surrounded by the creaking.
The creaking of the reel
on the fishing pole
that is my home.
I flail,
and I flail
as the tension grows harder to fight,
as the line becomes more tight.
Trying to resist
but the hook
digs deeper
in my cheek
and causes me to reach my peak,
Diminishing the belief that I wasn't weak.
And I release.
The strain becomes cooperation,
the pain becomes alleviation,
Oh, how mundane was this resignation.
Cause I know deep down
I don't want to fight it anymore.
I can't ignore
that you're only doing this
because you adore
the daughter who got a bit offshore.
You just want to measure
how much I've grown
And then toss me back
to find my own
but sometimes I'm scared to be alone.
The only reason
for my treason
revolves around the fact
that I don't think I'll go back.
The devil that you know
is better than the devil that you don't.
Stay in the boat and suffocate
never to swim again,
or be thrown back with the sharks,
where your future is up to fate.
"Life begins at the end
of your comfort zone,"
is what they taught me.
But it's the unknown
that continues to taunt me.
The thrill of never knowing what's next,
the longing for home that's given me a complex.
These are the effects
of writing your own checks
and facing shipwrecks
once you've moved on to the next
phase.
I'll have to accept that
gone are the easy days.
And there's all different ways
to get through the maze.
and no matter how far my mind strays,
a piece of my heart, it stays.
At home.
Dear dreams,
I have lost you.
I have lost you to bruised necks
and the serenades of long-dead poets,
to car crashes and shipwrecks;
in a place where lust and hunger lingers
between these trees I've lost you
to blistered fingers;
oh god, why is it always winter?
I have lost you to broken necks
and eyes that splinter.
What is our most prized possession
If not the chamber of memories
That we so fearfully keep
Within the confines of our minds.
Every inch of our power
Lives in a constant struggle
To guard this chest of fading treasures
From the writhing hands of time
Yet we have become so caught up
In this twisted dance
With the ticking clock,
that we have forgotten
these memories are naught
but disintegrating ghosts,
whom desperately cling to us,
as a shipwreck survivor
clings to driftwood,
hanging from our thoughts
on trembling strings
-soon to snap.
Despite all our efforts
They will never be immortalised
-and so we are condemned
to drown
in a sea of nostalgia.
I'm a pirate.
Fully in my whiskey now and
My three sheets are sailing out.
I cant choke down on these words anymore,
This liquor tongue is breaking out.
Because you were my melody,
A song I could sing by memory.
But I can't, I won't buy you anymore.
So I guess I'm a pirate now
Sailing silently on this soundless sea.
Bar tabs will drown every sound for now, even when
Siren songs call me back to shore.
They sing, "Hold on, come home"
They sing,"I was wrong, so wrong"
But I'm a pirate now
Stealing songs, and steering
Far, far away
lock me in your eyes
never set me free
i'll be the person who'll try
to calm the waves of your sea
a sunken boat
that will never flee
The ones we hurt the most
And the ones who hurt us the most
Are ours
Parts of us
Our beloved boomerang admirers
And theyre the ones who love us more than anything
Yugoslavian aggressively panhandling for depositions from unrelated denizens of the gin joint
A panoramic view of a wire tapped room with a lunatic with latent panic that is undisturbed
Hoarded handouts
Admissions
Acceptance
Embarking on a new flight of stairs
Pitter patter of foreign fitted shoes
Coming across label makers
Jew
Faggot
Nigger
Steer clear
Then those who memorize banned books and recite them
Who question the validity and relevance of tradition and old fashion ways
Finding things in common
Tastes in music
Fondness in wine
Alike minds that crave astonishing world widening writing
And thought provoking art
A libation to the collision of the alive and living
A somewhat scary visionary who breaks the black and white patterns of a wheel of fortune and misfortune with a lance of optimistic disregard
Stealing kisses and sipping on top shelf liquor
Smoking mystic cigarettes from Indian mountains
Idioms and vernacular
Dedicated guardian angels who hang their heads and rest their faces in their palms in puzzled disappointment
New visions
In music
In literature
In technology
But actually in
Self-expression
Communication
And progression
Stab a knife into the stuffy conservative dollar sign chasing guard
And let the prisoners of self-doubting overlooked misunderstanding go free
The complex complications of cement commitment
Walking out on an infant
Walking away in an instant
Instantaneous fear
Spontaneous combustion
A noose
Legendary
No
Not yet
Sing it to me
Play t
Lay morality to sleep
And raise yourself up
And proclaim a new way today
A jumbled viewpoint
That is brilliant and completely sound
Have a sip
Your hatred, look deep
Snatch it and rip it out
Then let it go
Busting up regulations and requirements
Creating an image that cannot be simulated
That is originated from the imitation out of respect from the innovative minds
Slow it down
Go
The lust
The envy
Two ingredients for a new story
All thats left is the spilled blood and youre done
Drift and go on a dimly lit trek into the subconscious and give birth to underived works
The world may burn, melt, freeze and shine
Surrender, transform, standstill then ascend
The ones in need fall into our laps along with the decision we all must make
To help them
Or pass them by
Click clack goes my keyboard
Revisits to the times before
With the aid of chemicals and inspiration
Mixed with masturbation and crazed obsession
The feeling of being replaced
Like lying in bed on a cold night
Without a blanket that has some place better to be
My dear naval, nautical nincompoop
I miss you, youre fighting pirates
Soon terrorists
You know its useless
You dont want to be part of this nonsensical unholy fuckfest of political unrest
Youre a poet, you dont write
Your life is your poetry
Its beautiful, you want to live
Not just exist
Be wary, I have foreseen the pandemonium festering in your heart
You are lucky in your nave exile in paradise
Youve been hurt
Looking for love
Live, lend
And all the above
Fool proof plans
And ideal daylight
The suicide of the farmers daughter
California sushi roll
Burning embers
Red hot coals
Best of luck to you
No elegy
A eulogy
See it to the end
Distract them
Steal the vital piece
Then proceed to take what you came for
Its okay
Forget what youve been spoon-fed your whole life
The greatest caper committed
Jam the doors
Skeleton keys
Skull and cross bones on the bottles
Take whatever you can carry
No man left behind
Leaving a not, imprints
For them to see
And know why we did
What we have done
Phony fame
Upper hand
Inclined
Shame
There is a time and a place for treason
When all is ugly and bigoted
For you will only be this young at this very second and never again
Shoot from the hip
Fly high on the seat of your pants
Grungy soap dish
Domestic disagreements
Empty reflections
Rapping at the window
Go away
Please
For your sake and mine
Its insane
I expunge your from my life
Not in hate
But in agony
We both know its for the best
Dont be spiteful
I hate being used
Just a tool to b left behind
Extraordinary shallow callousness
Lets take a walk around the universe
I see two lovers showing their vulnerabilities to each other
I see a man and a man making love so pure
I see my friend traveling the world
I see an amateur addict about to take their first step into a lifelong dependency
I hear the screams of those about to be murdered
Does that quench your thirst for reality?
Aiding and abetting
Guilty by association
Confession of guilt
Squandering money on bail
Fuck that
Theres a rat
Bum wrap
Murder wrap
Saving you from yourself
Following, no matter where you go
Always

-Tommy Johnson
Others fail you
But you must never fail yourself
Drop
Down
Drown
Die
So many futile attempts
Smutty submissions
Preponderant talent
And thats about it
As I count pennies at the liquor store
And look around for the cheapest drink to pour
I want so badly to fall on my knees
Cause I'm reminded of the blood that I bleed
Quick fixes and temporary band-aids
Won't cure me tomorrow but today they'll save
Me from the veiled contempt in your eyes
A pirate in a sailor's disguise
My animal years couldn't last forever
I brought you shame and misfortune, ties I did sever
Now I feel like your pet parasite
But even collapsing stars shine bright when they're dying
I'm gagging on the future and choking on the past
Each moment is my swan song, how long will this last?
Can't bring myself to leave this world, till I solve the puzzle
Constantly caged in decay with a muzzle
Every second I have a miscarriage of the soul
And if you stare too long, you'll turn to stone
But the snakes in my hair shouldn't give you the chills
They have just enough venom as the weakest of pills
My old crow
dislikes truth or dare
because hes scared of both.
My pirate
drinks old crow
because its cheap and smooth.
My chef
eats my pussy
as often as he cooks.
My new friend
knows me more
than I can admit.
My roommate
has eyes that stretch
from 29 years of sleep.
My coworker
kisses my hand
in daylight on the streets.
And my lover
is now my love
because he grows too quick.
The first time was magical
Holding you tight with passion
Nothing about this felt whimsical
The second time I felt closer
To an edge, a summit or just to another
When pirate flags draped across you flowing in the wind
When sweat beaded down past your firey copper fringe
For what felt like a million times surely had a finale
The town of Queens seems obvious enough for an awkward last encounter
Time goes by my heart still beats, it yearns for you again
But Will it be you and will it ever feel all the same?
Yes it was, no it didn't.
Forbidden now was your touch upon my shoulders
Those words you spoke "I'll see you when were older"
The weight of deceit it holds me down in the embers of
My remorse
But in my head I say I'll wait until we are older
Ofcourse
I screwed around with my hands behind my head
and there i saw you moulding hearts like bread
shittin bricks on a hot tin roof
i am the girl with a cheshire smile
come see me
stay a while
coy as a boy with a flower in his hand
i took your words and i made a stand
and i never thought i'd be hiding you there
peekin out from the covers of delight
throw me away, throw me to the night
and when you are lost and have nothing to say
come see me
come see me and stay
hold my hand and i will run far and wide
catch a ball thats 10 feet high
forget my name and i'll drive my car
touch me alone
i like you
fallin over broken bones like a stumble in the dark
and like a silent movie you made your mark
pirates ahoy - i jumped overboard and over the moon
now its come to the senses much too soon
and i broke a thousand times a thousand times the sand
much too much over a forgotten, barren land
sing me a song my dear, whispher in my ear
i held your hat and you held my tears
scrunched up slowly between your tail and bone
i am not me i am not my own
thoughts are drifting and now i'm away
come find me
come for another day
I tried to get over you
I found her, and she was sweet and
she was beautiful and she was
too young
I need your bitterness
and the sour bite
of your humour
so I left a message with her and I
left her before I could even learn
if she puts peanut butter
on her peanut butter cookies or if
she smells like the earth after rain
or if she blinks too many times at once
when she's embarrassed
I tried to get over you
I found him, and he was funny and
he was kind and he was
always cancelling
I need your laugh,
because I can trust that
it is honest
so I'll let him keep cancelling
until I'm cancelled out of his life
before I learn if he dances from his hips
if he knows exactly what kind of song
I need to get through a bad night
or if he gets sad about
fictional pirates
and I <em>can</em> live without you
for weeks at a time
barely speaking and maybe
you both can live with that too but
do you feel so alone as I do without you?
and does your heart race the minute
the second
we speak again?
Because I fell in love with both of you
essentially the second we met and
I'm not the kind to believe in
love at first sight
so I know I fell hard and I know
it's not a fall I can recover from
if you don't catch me
please catch me
There's a pirate,
who's shipwrecked in my gut.
And I'm not sure if I'm the princess
or the ship.
But I'd let him crash against me
any way he wanted.
Cause at the end of the day I'm the wheel,
and his hands against me are
stormy seas.
The road behind bares us a backdrop, too many nights find us fractured in our thoughts and the dreamers we once were are far from the two people who stand today.
We're broken, mere splinters of our shipwreck past, driftwood on a shore that drowns every time the ocean breathes.
The path is littered with slaughtered dreams that didn't bleed.
As time and tide wait for no man shall we find it a tragic scene?
simply erased with the sunsets demise?
No one gets away without a scar and mine speak a road map to chaos
and a found hello to you.
Mine own scars are fingertips
gouged into the sand and faded
but salted by tears of the ocean, inerasable by the tide.
A soul washed up upon the shore, a road map etched delicately into fine bones.
You can trace where I'd been before. All roads lead to your hello.
In broken lines and have uttered phrases and one too many empty night.
Backdrop of chaos does paint in the darkest colors you could ever imagine .
How does it gets so flawed by our own creations and vices my dear?
Does it still ring ever so true?
The bell rings true whispering distant voices
Empty nights are just bottles lined up as dead soldiers
We contemplated our own truths and fell victim to our own vices
The backdrop is black, no colour beneath skin.
Honestly? Where does our downfall begin?
Two ships underneath the nightscape past the spark once understood the flame and nothing more .
In empty alleys, like cats to prowl, we find our moments, and then bury our thoughts to lay for no others to see.
half written papers and half heard conversation the keys of the piano haunt the silence as myself shadows that still remain.
Nothing is but a thought and those are like dead flowers laid to waste a reflection of far better times
The night crawls to meet the day as it has so many times before.
The thought of the minds bottle lay empty upon the table.
A fond farewell is but a sugar coated goodbye.
And I seldom have minced my words to mask their sting.
The page forever bleeds.
Pages that lay scattered on a dirty floor
Bleeding ink into cracks
that will forever more
hide the spirit of our souls
blekk, this fucking ragoon man
crab paste yuck
my stomach is festering in wounds of American Chinese
they put poison in my foods and I indulge and this is the result
final laid down rest
it feels
as
if
blekkk
the white rice is nice and the lo mein, don't even get me started
i Love it
noodles and rice covered in grease
&shy;<em>spied on from a box of spare ribs</em>
they saturate in Sat Fat, check the label781 SAT FATS PER SERVING
Looper was good, and I was stuffed through all of it
grease traps, formed from my age of 5, filled to their brim this evening
starting a day with number 10 from Macdoe's: poor choice
smoke some grass and write a bit
that settles the swoosh of pirates fighting in my intestines
i give bloating a 75% definitive yes
25% maybe
reality is
I poisoned myself
don't do take out
don't eat what is not from its own countryand made the same way
you know those motherfuckers who make it are not eating the same damn thing
point is, I feel like Wesley Snipes and Sylvester Stallone are DEMOLISHing within.
Under my wings (I think) Im ticked by patterning sea salts.
A friend once told me that the crystals between whispered
Currents shifted and blazed the cracks of coral reefs
Were once bits of my fathers flesh, the old king of the sea.
I forget him sometimes, I was so young (and how young I still feel)
Harpooners search for me, but I lost pride the day I watched him slink
To the bottom of a different floor. Sand as his coffin.
I swim, splitting holy tides. These are the only places to
Find some sliver, a chance of a peaceful mind.
All things move apart in anticipation of my coming.
I glide and close my eyes and wish I could hide away from the stares.
Its as if the pieces of the world cant decide where they belong.
The krill still flop over broken bridges and hug my frigid chin.
I still weep.
So long I have lived without you, Father. So long without the twirls beneath
Strict and structured families of fist. I let those schools pass as they learn what I never will.
Ive learned more about the wooden tables, carved by men without gills or scales.
The tables and chairs spread low across the floor
Dropped from shipwrecks my father caused so long ago
Tattered chips still float and other games that I dont know.
The Queen of Hearts learned that she, too, loves to swim beside earths core.
Once I asked her of the crown adorning her head. She did not blink.
I wouldnt know how to answer either, if she asked me how I became the King of the Sea.
It captures you
Your attention to the end
With winding passages
And merry go rounds
That peak and blow
Down the trees that point
You all in the wrong direction
Dont go
Send me my heat
Back in the mail
Dont tread too lightly
For I might miss the trail
Of arrows that fly
So stringent through
The air that is falling
The sails on the tide
Come through
Suffer my want
Is the only want
I want to bestow
Upon your heart
Greed and hunger go hand in hand
That is why the pirate
And the captain are in love
With the princess that lives
Down Oxford town way
Who is she now
To stay herself for so long
It doesnt seem right
To be with my baby tonight
While you are out
On the street
And hit the deck
You are crying
And the world throws its swan
Song to the rescue
Hit the child of Medusas breast
Who snakes his way into your heart
No one knows for sure which way the
Pressure lies, and so the dangers
Of the beach never seem to really
Play upon the stench of the family
Portrait.
(NaPoWriMo Challenge: April 17, 2018)
We sat next to each other in history class
talking music. You were struggling toward
authenticity and I was so ill-equipped to help,
not having any of my own.
Its a plundered word, lionized
and spent. But it helps
when youre defending what you like.
And we will spend a lifetime
defending what we like.
Especially against the boys
who like to bequeath taste
and charts of song.
To this day, you are a haven
of conversation and we are still
combing through the bins
with the discernment of pirates.
You are staunch in the search
of the old and the new,
inspiringly unswerving.
You are an anthem
to the exploration.
You are the hymn.
We have this habit of making homes
out of people who tend
to burn any moment.
And we keep collecting the ashes,
putting them in jars,
hoping to save what little remains.
We made ourselves believe that other people
are remedies; prescribinginjecting ourselves with drugs
that walk and talk and breathe
And I have long since realized that we have seas inside us,
and there are a thousand shipwrecks aching for freedom,
but we hold on to every damaged piece.
as mortals we love and learn,soon or late,that love can take you far beyond pain or causeit. be like a soft breese upon the cheek one minute,than smite it the very next.cradle softly your deepest emotions fears hopes dreams,than like a wayward storm kill them all.lovecan lift the mind to soaring heights of discovery and inspiration,than leave you brokenbattered used up like a shipwreck on life's vast shore,mend gently back all that was lost,than like a magician's sleight of hand stagger the thoughtswithin wondering where things disappeared.yes, since mankind its early first steps upon the earth,all have loved lost regained, had love instruct and desert us ,as the sandsin the hour glass ,slowly fall away, we loveand learn.
That first puff,
the first sip,
the burn in my throat,
light headed
and shaking,
another hit
another shot,
I remember when I promised
<em>never</em>.
I am not
the person I used to be,
I am not
a beacon of hope,
I am a shipwreck
and I can see
the smokestacks falling
into the sea.
Sometimes I have to
remind myself I am awake,
that this is not a dream,
maybe one day
I'll wake up
and it will be.
Do not look at me
like a sob story,
do not ask
for a happy ending,
there is no ending,
this is my life
and it is
ongoing
smoke bumming
booze stealing
blunt passing
cold turkey
relapsing
screaming
screaming
screaming.
Red ribbons
and markers on posters,
this is not
the person
I was
before.
Water wives live sheltered lives
Amongst the coves where pirates rove
Daily catch is makers match
Where red hot stoves hide fresh baked loaves
Water men are thick and thin
So often strove where shipmates hove
Water child is often wild
The treasure trove where pirates roved
r ~ 19Mar14
The jungles dense down by the fence
with daisies tall as trees,
where butterflies so softly rise
upon the morning breeze.
There's beatles too of green and blue
And ladybugs of red,
plus honey bees with hairy knees
down by the flower bed.
There by the pond beneath a frond
There sits a mouse of white,
with pirates cap and treasure map
and compass clean and bright.
"Avast!" he cries "the treasure lies
atop mount rockery"
where legends told a land of gold
hides in the shrubbery.
So down at base he spies the face
and slowly starts to climb,
past plastic gnomes with mushroom homes
And bells that softly chime.
With well placed paws and scrabbling claws
he climbed toward the peak,
first left then right and hold on tight
his muscles tired and weak.
The summit found he kissed the ground
and checked the path ahead,
where mossy rocks and hollyhocks
marked out the flower bed.
Amongst the green the temple seen
the legends had not lied,
a few feet more he found the door
and opened it up wide.
The treasure chest lay in a nest
surrounded by eight eggs,
then at his back a shadow black
arose on spindly legs.
"Caw caw" it said it's eyes bright red
"please leave my eggs alone,
the treasure there I'll gladly share"
she spoke in softer tone.
"Nay keep it pray for here today
I've found a better prize,
a brand new friend at journeys end
was such a sweet surprise.
"Now I must go the sun is low
and night now paints the sky,"
"the path ahead is hard" she said
"why walk when you can fly"
So homeward bound he reached the ground
and headed to the shore,
setting afloat his little boat
he waved goodbye once more.
"Time now"he said "to rest my head"
rocked softly by the deep,
upon a bed of cheese and bread
he slowly fell asleep.
Dark Space,
Inside,
A Far Place,
Easily Mistaking As Tar Made,
Sailed The 7 Seas In 3 Days,
I'm On Earth To Learn,
Soul Burns When They Teach Things,
Ripping My Joints ,
Trying To Reach Change,
Even Though ,
I'm Fed Up,
I've Invested To Much,
To Let What Led Up Slip Away,
Sober Mind ,
Multiply's My Vivid Dreams,
Searching The Details,
To See Exactly What It Means,
Perceptions Everything,
What Could It Be,
What I Seek,
Altered My Though Form,
The Way I Speak,
Slowed Down My Impatient Speech,
I Love , Patient Things,
Grateful For My Grandmother,
Who Gave Birth To My Mom,
She Gave Birth To My Brothers,
Unlike Them &amp; My Sister,
A Sibling Different From All Others,
Born With Special Gifts,
Psychic Midst,
Came With A Curse,
Tourette's Syndrome,
I'm Like A Fish,
Outside It's Nitch
I Cant Control My Neck, Wrist , Back,
All I Do Is Twitch,
I Scream So Giant ,
It Sounds So Silent ,
The Burning Pulses, Makes Me Violent,
Indigo Third Eye Violet,
I'm So High On Fear,
Please Replace The Pilot,
All I Feel Is Pain,
See People Smiling ,
I Can See What People Hiding,
Insecurities,
Inside Their Dying ,
They Feel Alone,
Up All Night Crying,
An Em-path,
Emotional Pirate,
With A Sacred Demon,
I Formed An Alliance,
Make No Mistake Thinking I Am Fake For What I Say,
Blood Oath, Darkest Day,
Exchanged A Thing ,
By The Train,
Black Rose,
72 Thorns,
Coldest Rain,
I Notice Synchronicity In Everything,
Don't Miss A Things,
Can't Run From This,
More Of My Gifts,
Visions That Evil Brings,
In My Dreams ,
Demons Scream At Me,
The Ones I Didn't Pick,
To Exchange With,
Want To Possess,
I Was A Lonely Child,
Not Influenced Like The Rest,
Astral Projected By The Water Fountain ,
Escaped The Place I Hate , Earth,
With Every Breath,
I Had A Therapist, Who I Scared So Quick,
I Had No Friends ,
Just A Magik Wand From My Art Teacher In 3rd Grade,
She Said Was For Energy , Just For Me,
Paper &amp; A Pen,
Don't Ever Loose Please,
Then I Gave It To The First Person Who Gave Me Time To Greet,
We Never Spoke Again , Their Face I Didn't See,
Gave My Gifts From My Mother Away For Friends,
Who Wanted Things , Not Me
I Have Been Cursed , This Misery,
Has My World Cold, Never Felt Home,
19 Years Shivering,
Getting Used To The Sting,
Like A Untreated Sliver Be,
So Alone, I Wish I Could Talk Ghost,
I Only See Em, Come To Visit To Finish Missions,
Then They Go,
Orbs Of Energy, Hover Me,
Rain On My Window Seal,
You Know How You Look Through A Window,
Like The Glass Not There,
My Whole Life Is How It's Been,
I Know How A Window Feel,
19 Years This Window Peels.
Blood Shed,
I Could Write Till , The Night Of My Grave,
Enough For Today,
I Crave Valerie My Melody ,
To Help Make Me Feel A Better Me,
Until Then,
I'm Writing Rituals ,
With A Bloody Pen
I am a pirate
pacing a quarterdeck
before a battle.
I am Adam
beneath the apple tree
waiting to bite
into the New Order.
I am a hopeful heretic
praying for immolation
but unable
to strike a match.
I am a corpse
writing a will
in blood and semen.
I am a soldier
watching a friend
erupt in a fog
of pink viscera.
I am a madman
twitching on a couch,
forgotten in a corner
of a windowless chamber.
I am a hero
slaying griffins,
destroying dragons,
ravishing maidens
as my rightful reward.
I am a lover
to whom ladies
open their thighs
and abandon
their honor,
willingly.
I am a tone deaf poet
singing a defeated song.
I am the amateur torturer
carefully sharpening
his instruments,
but then unable to find
meaningful work.
I am a voyeur priest
hearing my own
confession
and finding it
absurdly tedious.
I am all of these
impossible people.
Who are you?
- mce
"why not?" a murderer must kill
someone, otherwise he wouldn't be a murderer
there are those who are crazy like you or anyone
crazy about collecting. there might
be a good reason for it though. he might
know that one of us
knows
nothing
because we all
drowned when our ship sank
that's how it went with the Mystery
not one of us has a
shipwreck to show
for everything i say
tired
there is not at all
pressure to tell us
wat happened
tonight i'll ask if maybe she
drowned
and probably they will say
they've forgotten about him long ago but i bet one of you
wanted to murder him
unmentionable
don't even bother
for some time there was no reason to be suspicious
maybe it wouldn't even have come up, but then
on a certain day they found the two
completely empty
My Pirates are at 500
The snow has turned
To a gentle rain
500 record
20 years of losing
Not losing
Not winning
Buccos' 500
Purgatory bliss
I pray for the
Sun to shine!
Hope for 1 game
Over 500
(Pedra said,)
You've found strength in the face of death; it would be better
If you gave up playing cards and smoking pipe that could affect
Your health; '' ''Ive learned from my friends; I need them to get up setter!
The leverage of our vast economic power I can't neglect.''
(Pedra replied,)
''Is it about those secret goals, which drive some unethical
Billing practices? '' Cruz began to kiss her while laughing,
'' I'm not capable of doing this; by the way, you're sensual.''
If you were that kind of man, I would not marry you, darling.''
(Cruz embraced her tightly saying, ''I've never betrayed you. I love you too much. Don't be jealous.'')
(He continued,)
I like the fact that after making love, you become silent
While reading; '' '' I enjoy this; when I'm around people, I suffer
The problem of not being heard; then, reading becomes a talent.
I need to curl up next to you and read this book 'til it's over.
(Pedra continued,)
I love you; you were lucky that the bullet penetrated
The left shoulder and not an important part of your body.''
'' I passed out and woke up in pains; I felt I was terminated.
The stranger fell over me and covered me with blood; some bloody
(Cruz continued,)
Guys took the guns and left the room; Ibrahim crept up to me
Washed my wound and bandaged it; he gave me some cold teas to drink.
He told me that Maya had taught him to make tea; let this be
A divination unto death, in which I could sink.
(Cruz continued,)
After Marco's death, at night, I dragged myself to a secret room.
Ibrahim took care not to leave any trace of our presence.
After making the effort, I fainted again; a feeling of doom
Persisted inside me; I wanted to protect my essence.
(Pedra replied,)
''I've heard that, on the ship, the people were caught and tied.''
''Ibrahim escaped; the secret room was next to the food store.
It was situated under the stairs as a perfect hideout.
I entered there while using a movable wall; '' ''It had no door! ''
(Cruz continued,)
''This room and the food pantry had two ventilation pipes,
Which were united inside and open outside to create
The mirage that only the pantry was aired; usually, the ships
Don't have their secret rooms; '' ''Well, this subject is a worth debate.
(Pedra continued,)
This room was very intelligently built; when they entered
In a hurry to take the weapons, they didn't see these details.
You're lucky to be alive; '' '' on this subject my mind is centered.''
''About sailing and ships, you haven't read enough secret tales.''
(The third night, the sailors were talking in their bedroom. Brisbon told Sam,)
''You combine the religious practice of meditation
With the verse; '' ''The Lord's servant must not be quarrelsome; '' '' not all
Conflicts are quarrels; '' '' this idea requires some confrontation.''
Fargo said, ''Sam, do you compose poetry? '' '' My muse is small.''
(Answered Sam. Brisbon asked him,)
''Those songs are created by you? '' Sam answered, '' some of them are
Composed by me; Sulim likes music; he's a man of strength.''
'' I'm only a listener of your songs beneath the polar star.''
Brisbon tried to divert this discussion by talking at length
About the command of that carrack; ''Sulim, you helped me a lot.''
''Geraldine oversaw the crew's work when I was at the helm, ''
Said Sulim; '' Freddy was near me and confidence was all I've got, ''
Replied Sam; ''when in the unknown the carrack sought to whelm,
(Brisbon continued,)
Sam paid attention to the sea at the helm while being
Dedicated and loyal; '' Sam said, '' Freddy is honest,
Enterprising, dynamic and thrifty; his way of seeing
Means stimulation; '' ''Do you remember when he promised
(Sulim continued,)
To hire us to work on his galley, someday? He gave us
The freedom to work as true sailors; life on other ships
Was much more difficult; '' Fargo said, '' he refused my offer; thus,
I hire my own crew; '' Gian laughed, '' It's better to take fishing trips.''
(Brisbon said,)
''The governor gave our Frederick a new carrack, a small
Property and money to help him recover his damages.
His wife is a distant cousin of Geraldine; above all,
They don't have children; '' Fargo narrowed down his challenges.
(Aldo told Fargo,)
'' If I had money to buy a ship, I would not work for others.''
Fargo replied, '' Firstly, I had to learn to work as a sailor
And to live my life on board; all of you are like my brothers.''
'' To be at a helm is different; aren't you terrified of failure?
(Sam asked Fargo.)
(..to be continued)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Hissing hydraulic brakes
your face
was hiding.
April wind was howling.
Empty streets at 6 a.m.
A song of dust in squinting eyes.
You hunched your shoulders,
pulled your hood back,
smiled sunrise. Bus doors closed.
We'd always leak away
and trace these city limit lines
'til the night bled into day.
Bend footsteps back t'ward sunburnt lines
that cross the map
of the town we lived in
for all these sun-seared years.
Sat South of love and East of friendship,
but we feared nothin'!
Yeah, we were pirates,
with smoke mouthed muskets
in hand. With full sails. And bold grins
inscribed across each face.
And, back here, I still roll
through days
on waves of
Autumn wind and memory.
Empty streets at 3 a.m.
Walk with our ghosts; still haunt this town.
You took your chances,
and a Greyhound
just past sunset--headed West.
We'd always leak away,
drive out past city limit lines.
And we'd drive until the day-
light bent rays back to eyes' red lines
that crossed the map
of the talks we'd lived in
for all those wondering years,
West of white lies and North of silence.
Guess we feared something.
But, now, what was it?
And, now, where are you?
Out West with full sails and clear eyes
inside a sunset face?
morning looks as we
Wake to
Say good morning
With a soft gentle kiss
To find each other
In a sweet
EMBRACE
Greeting the morning
Sun
As we lay
Forgetting about
Yesterday
Resolving
Solving
Talking the nite away
As the sun comes up
You recite today's degree
As we pray together
For our
Family
KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
Powder
Snow
Powder
Snow
O how beautiful you are
Freshly f
a
l
&shy; l
e
n
White and pure
The dangers you hide
U
N
D
E
R
YOU
The joy u bring to lil kids
The terror you inflict on the old ppls fears
Powdered snow powdered snow
So innocent yet so vile
Playing 1 minute
Down on the ground the next
POWDERED SNOW
Powdered snow
Just go
So eye won't no the horrors of the fallen
Snow
KingandQueen Productions
PIRATE AIRWAYS
it was on all the news channels,
your shipwreck.
for miles,
and from distant lands,
whose soil
you never even met,
they traveled for you.
all around us
the promised ringing
circle of:
banshee sharks,
phantom whales,
and reaching shadow tentacles.
glimmer
you are sunken treasure.
but either from
the weight of your necklace,
or the summoning,
voodoo grasps of
gravity,
we were:
entranced in depth
and the fleeing
whiteness of your dress,
both them,
and me,
floating
knowing full well,
where you go,
and that we could not venture there,
as our body-suits
could only take so much
pressure.
this, my dear, is madness:
the scent of your blood
drifting
in open water.
Get Your Hooey On
The ramifications of male testosterone in this particular case concentrated in Kitchel Park Captain
Kitchel never or maybe before he became embroiled in the great civil war he too took a skinny dip in a
Body of local water some place. Impromptu swimming occurs all the time some place well this was
Attributed to the facts of kids who watched Picnic tables for people the next day who can resist the
Allure of cool water just two hundred yards away and a short climb twenty fellas pardon the slang a dark
Pool and I must say a pearl of its time now Shelbyville has slides in the pool brand new pool come on
Pana where is your pride look at these dandy boys they had it not one was ashamed as he dropped his
Pants this wasnt like in the gym shower or what the perversion was the school check up us guys
Dutifully walk up to the nurse never mind they made us strip naked then reminiscent of grocery
Shopping with an embarrassing twist now with two fingers lift your grocery bag I still dont get it those
Plastic whistles comes to mind with the white ball you blow and it dances about with vigor maybe they were checking
Your blood pressure by the degree of how far down your face got red or maybe it was mass punishment
For any who may have looked at dirty magazines well let us return to fun and chaos all was fun and gay
Not the Frisco way happy unbridled in this case totally free and uninhibited well until now I give Babe
Ruth his due I even made up stories about him out in right field where they stuck me in pony league
Wow the Babe could hit clear over to the road well except this involved his candy bar you know what
Happens in dark waters bare Fannies everywhere and then along comes babe clothed in chocolate well
Jaws comes to mind the Red Sea never parted any faster what attention you would have thought it could
Talk by the way guys were leaning forward trying to get a closer look some brave soul or maybe the guy
Took a bite before releasing this terror and someone could see ether nugget or nuts anyway calm
Waters returned well briefly our look out let one car pass but twenty minutes later the alarm a police car
Just entered on maple we have all seen pirates climb up the sides of ships with bedraggled clothes on
Well hit rewind have the pirates in different degrees of undress according to speed and in born casual
Feelings about nudity there was the stampede now if you like your news in the paper then headline it or
If you like live reporting then my choice would be Soupy Sales or Jerry Lewis as the nutty professor hair
Combined down in eyes pop bottle glasses over pronounced teeth standing at the park gate last
Night there was a strange report of it seems the ozone had developed several cracks at I guess you could
Say at about hip level moving very fast in westerly direction toward the big auditorium if anything else
Was exposed by this phenomena we are not at liberty to say this is family news we already have been
Censored at 714 Jackson for comments made earlier the story takes a darker turn it involves tobacco
And break inns property damage and loss and a beer tossing clown was hurt after steeling beer from the
Pana hotel the son was involved but no other news is available at this moment.
Of the happiest folk
Living the happiest lives
Till they're gray and old.
Tell me a story
Of the saddest youth
Just barely surviving
Dirty and uncouth.
Tell me a story
Tell me a tale
Of pirates, of <em>humans</em>,
On the ocean, set sail!
Tell me a tale
Tell me a story
<em>Then end it.</em>
End the story.
Tell me no more.
Leave the characters in peace.
To fade into lore.
End this story.
End... end me.
End this story
Leave us characters in peace.
For Tess,
Your gaze toward me, you say,
was first between us two,
I say to theeit was equal!
For the moment
your glossy eyes
flutteredoh,
to watch that first
look of you again
I lost my barriers to you.
The length at which
you hold me
can never be close enough.
Let me under the nook
of your arm,
Leave me be there for
a while.
The sweetest place
I ever took refuge in,
it is here
it is nestled close.
If you are the nest,
let me be your bird.
I will flit always to you
and to you I do come home
again.
Soothing and swelling,
taming my raucous anger,
or healing my lonely spirit
You are my safe house
let me dwell beneath your
robust roof
and feel your soft touch
to mine.
Naturally, then, we didst come
to be
you saw I, and I saw thee.
As a pirate elates upon
discovering
precious gems,
you too, my Dear,
I have found and treasure
near.
- A
Who cares who shot JFK I wanna know who shot Tupac,
who cares about the CIA's JFK Files release date,
its 2017 and Im on a plane watching All Eyez On Me,
flying westbound outta the Westside of LA,
on All Hallows Eve and its all feeling kinda spooky,
because Im on this plane with another Libra The Boy Drake,
and I dont care who shot JFK,
I want to know who shot Tupac,
met Suge two times and got the feeling he didnt,
plus when they hit Pac even Suge got two shots,
so who shot Tupac,
as I write with all Ive got,
in red ink as my red eyes blink,
pen lines looking like blood drops,
all eyes on me,
until my eternal slumber,
but enough about the words,
what about the numbers,
75 million albums sold,
713 songs,
7 films thats 777,
same as the title of the latest book I put out,
seems Tupac and I,
share a mutual obsession with the #7,
plus his last album Killuminati was subtitled 7 Day Theory,
not to mention the fact that Pac was shot on September 7th,
as I trace the early similarities,
between me and Tupac,
I think back to when I almost signed with Suge,
and I too feel like Tupac,
I too was raised in New York,
I too got put on in LA,
I too almost lost my soul in Vegas,
I too am both profane and a saint,
I too feel confused and conflicted,
I too both sin and pray,
I too write with a sense of urgency,
because I too know tomorrow isnt promised today,
I too have found my street instincts to be risky,
I too have gotten it on at the Luxor,
I too know theres a thin line,
between Love &amp; Hate and between Enemies &amp; Lovers,
trapped between over the top celebrities,
and detectives undercover,
and Ill a pirate sailor sailing high,
but still I have to fight from going over,
oh Lord,
forgive me for I know not what I do,
and maybe the reason I feel guilty,
is because I waste my gifts on weed and booze,
choose,
your own adventure,
lost,
caught up in the trap thats why they call it a trap,
winnin till when that window rolls down and you dont know,
if its gonna be a gun shot or a camera snap,
I know whats coming even though I dont know when,
signing my own death certificate,
like Pac signing to Death Row,
see he thought he was just giving Suge his Music,
but really what he was giving him was his soul,
nobody know when theyre gonna go,
were at the table at the Last Supper till they pull our card,
which I guess is sickeningly befitting,
considering Tupac was shot in Vegas on Las Vegas Blvd.,
and all thats left of him,
is this movie that I watch on this plane,
and whats happened to our music,
lost Tupac and gained Drake,
and thats not a shot at Drake,
I mean Drakes cool,
Im flying with him to Australia,
but Drake doesnt have Tupacs soul,
our music has been watered down,
now Hip Hop sounds like Pop Rock,
I mean how can you even compare,
Hotline Bling to Keep Your Head Up,
what the fck,
howd we go from Black Panther,
to pussy cat,
howd we go from I Aint Mad At Cha,
to Best I Ever Had,
and Im not even mad,
I mean I respect Drake for sure,
he gets that money and has always been good to me,
but Drake is no Tupac thats for sure,
but I wont elaborate further because,
we all know what happens when you ask too many questions,
so Ill just keep getting my money and writing my books,
&amp; keep going to church without admitting confessions,
and Im ending,
this poem right here with an RIP,
RIP to Tupac,
Rest In Peace,
another leader slain,
and Im so caught up I forgot what I was saying,
even forgot where I was,
which is flying westbound on this plane,
writing verses in blood red ink,
feeling like Pac All Eyes on me,
wondering who shot Tupac pen lines like blood drops,
as I write what I think with all that Ive got in ink,
ink as red as my red eyes that blink,
sending this poem off as a literary Hail Mary,
with California Love even those its Me Against the World,
Keep Your Head Up &amp; congratulations Brendas Got A Baby,
and I know Ill likely Live &amp; Die in LA,
so I wonder if theres a Heaven for a G,
&amp; if there is Dear Mama Ill meet you at Thug Mansion,
&amp; please know I Aint Mad At Cha but Ive gotta go so peace
Aaron LA Lux
30/10/17
He languished in the stocks but never was hunger
A problem. For he caught apples between his yappers,
Playing catch with each bite, it flew through the air
And once again a pinching of it till a stalk was left.
The crowd stood around in awe of his culinary
Performance, then they threw once again.
Released his time of languishing ended and returning
To his ship, <em>"never slap the mayors wife's butt,</em> he
Thought but who was he kidding he would do it
Again but next time not in front of him. She was where
He had left her, pride on his bearded features.
Daddies home, as his hands caressed her wooden features.
He went to his abode, lingering views of a picture
Of the oceans essence of high pitched waves. He pressed
Upon a singular spot and a secret revealed itself on his views.
A small casket, others would have seen it as a trinket box
Of lessened value. My precious thing of beauty that I hold,
I'll let you free when from port we discard the solid land.
The crew were pleased as the waves graced the ships bow
and the captain discarded his weavings of land lubbers
threads that clung to tight. Raise our flag my mates of
what is our nature true. Captain Black Heart Bart,
<em>"Yes I know its a mouthful, but its my pirate #tag,</em>
The chest came forth and with an even hand opened up.
The wisps clung to the captain as if a loving embrace,
my love, soul of the ship, lend us your breath to move
to our destination where the tides are silent and the
wind is death, motionless and soundless where ships
linger in a graveyard of wood and bones of the lost.
With a gesture the mists encircle the sails migrating forward.
Her breath kept motion where there would have been neither,
they stared at the wrecks of those lost in time. Were those
of white washed echoes, moving dead eyes following or
was it but the motionless reflection of the static seas grasp.
<strong>"Sir we see the place that her breath has taken us too,</strong>
<em>"Thank you my love, you can now slumber, rest your breathe,</em>
Upon the shores or blackened sand, they were called the
<strong>Remnant Tears,</strong> old lore said it was the tears of a lonely
god as he watched the sunset of his life, and these are all
that is left the residue of a time long past. They were sharp
as well, like jagged torn metal. We wore hadderned leather in
layers to save the blood from tearing from us as his did long ago.
We were home a shelter from those that would hunt us upon
ocean waves never did we take souls we just took material
things of value to sell, we melted precious metals, released
gems of equal sizes from their clasps, and in bowls they gleamed
of the suns rays ravishing the walls with a kaleidoscope of
colours that's changed with even shards of light gleaming through.
He sat on the crows nest of a ship, of older design than known,
made from not wood or metal another of majestic times long
faded into obscurity glance. Gathering thoughts on the mirrored
faade that never moved just like a reflection of above, one could
Be sent crazy in thought of which was land or sea, below or above.
He liked this illusion on his senses that was art to his perception.
Breezes of sea air rustled his beard and it was relaxing him
to slumber. but only when the waves graced him descending
into its eternal grasp would he rest these sea legged bones.
But now was the time to inspire the charmers below, with
a voice he greeted ears below. <strong>"Ya lazy dogs, move them bones,</strong>
And like mice they scurried to there hidey holes.
Nodding his head he discarded gravity as he plummeted to the
waiting deck below. Right or was that left no he was facing the
wrong way, she was playing tricks with her breath.He burst in
to laughter and they nervously laughed with him, come on
my woman and men of the sea lets do some gentle persuading
that other relinquish there cluttered possessions to our ship.
With heart felt cheers they, sang their song to the stale winds,
<em>"We're not pirates we be releasers of others greed,</em>
<em>"Possessions are who ever holds them be in cargo hold free,</em>
<em>"We'll never hurt you, we'll just gently nudge till you agree,</em>
<strong>"Pirates that's a name we be called who we be,</strong>
<strong>"We be good looking, folks don't listen to history,</strong>
<strong>"We walked many a walk way plank to you and me,</strong>
<strong>"Yes I said we not above but that between you and me,</strong>
<em>"Get done with the cutlass, respect the captains beard,</em>
<em>"We sail the high seas cos low ones make me sick,</em>
<em>"Trend setters of the ocean that's what we be,</em>
<em>"My flag is named skully, black &amp; white he be,</em>
<strong>"Pirates that's a name we be called who we be,</strong>
<strong>"We be good looking, folks don't listen to history,</strong>
<strong>"We walked many a walk way plank to you and me,</strong>
<strong>"Yes I said we not above but that between you and me,</strong>
Repeat and rinse sing what you feel, that's when I call upon
my beauty, <em>"Awaken from slumber, breath to the wind,</em>
And in to the great blue we sail, never a life have we took
never shall there be. For we are the new version of the old
but we will always win with her breath in front of me.
See you soon if to plunder I do mean, sail happy if your
not of greed and wealth or we will set our sights on thee.
The waves splash upon our bow, spray invigorate the souls
of all upon our beauty <strong>"The Wind Of The Sea,</strong> now ill
wish you good travels its time for us to earn our keep and
to visit those who need to lightened to heavy on the sea.
Growing up, as a ten year old, was nothing new to me, for thats all I felt I did at the time. I was, and still am, the oldest, but now of 5 and the two after me are now twelve turning thirteen within the next six months. Man, really makes me feel like an old hag no offense to any elder I dont literally think you and or any other elder is a so called hag its like the saying old farts your older but not really old and you dont really well, you know never mind, anyways, as a child or when I was ten or eleven years old to be exact, I use to have the same dream or more like nightmare every night, for years. It wasnt something that happened spontaneously, it was every damn night for three maybe four years. And uh, it had its effects on me, for as young as I was I didnt quite know how to take it other than horrific and again at the time didnt know how to interpret the dream either. Well, it might sound a little goofy but if you read into it, its pretty dark. I remember lying in bed most nights contemplating whether or not to close my eyes, fearful of what came after once the dark curtain fell. On nights that Id lose my endless battles Id fall into a world, much like the one you and I live in, but with a twist go figure. It was kind of trippy, like it was one of those dreams where like you dont exactly know how and or why you got to the place your at or how and or why things got as bad as they did, you just sort of jumped into it. Which sucks may I add? I remember it was nice and sunny out and at the time my mother and I, along with my little brother David, baby sister Deanna, my step dad, my grandparents and my tia and tio all lived together in the same house ha dont hate, us ethnic people well I dont know why but thats just how we do. Anyways the house we lived in was huge and actually really nice for a home being in the area that it was in 48th and Southern, yup good old border line Tempe and Phoenix. We were all just chilling like on a normal Saturday at the house when were all home, some adults sleeping their hangovers away and some of us children playing in the Arizona room and my tio trying to, simultaneously, watch all of the ESPN programs all at once, you know normal stuff. There I am having a grand old time, when I suddenly get this off, cold, abnormal feeling of just somebody watching me with eyes that are filled with just pure evil. I sit frozen on the floor waiting for whats to come next; everything around me is bright and sunny, warm and cozy then all of a sudden it warps and I see it before me just leaving everything then feels dark and hopeless, cold and frightening. My brother is no longer sitting next to me on the floor and I no longer hear the TV screaming penalties on the previous play, the once simmering rice now smells burnt to a crisp and all curtains are now closed. I try to get up in a hurry to run to the door to see where everyone has gone, but time and space is not of existence, as I am now slowly running through the archway of the kitchen I find that I have again jumped but to another part of the house. Im now standing at the very end of the hallway in front of the door to my room, I can now see the sunlight again and this time everybody is in their rooms, just sitting there waiting for something. Suddenly, shit gets weird. All of the pirates from the Disney movie Peter Pan came barging through the front door, making their way down the hall, retrieving my family members as they walked past each room. My mind was quick to react, but again almost paralyzed, I couldnt move a muscle. I could have sworn I screamed or said something, it just didnt come out clearly or loud enough or maybe even at all. Before my little eyes I watched as these large, animated men took my family away from me, once they turned their backs to walk out the house, then was I able to run after them, but by the time I reached the door, they were already outside and the door was closing before me. I reached out as far as I could in hopes of maybe opening the door to pull all of them back in or going along with them, but instead helped slam the door shut as I was suddenly jerked or pushed forward by an angry force, with my fists pounding into the door I watched as they chained up my house and mocked me. It was weird, the house was then floating I was just chilling in the sky, the closest thing I could think of relating it to is when Dorothy is caught in a storm. The next few moments are kind of a blur, it slowly goes dark again and as tears roll down my cheeks, leaving a burning trail of confusion and a sense of abandonment, I am pushed back to the end of the hallway, curled up into a ball, with arms wrapped, hugging my knees closer to my chest, feeling helpless. I let out the most painful, gut wrenching sob that turned into a scream releasing every ounce of oxygen my body was capable of holding and back into a whimper once I was able to catch my breath. I then wake up to my mother standing over me shaking me profusely tears ran down my face and as my whimper turned into heavy breathing, I realize Ive woken up everybody in the house and to see all of their faces, in one room the same room I myself occupied, turned tears of absolute terror and confusion into immediate tears or relief and happiness.
Beautiful spots, different places.
Thats the things I want to see.
In different countries with their tallest edifice.
Where you can see Ego as eclipse.
Meeting different people,
interesting and innumerable.
Learning stories interminable,
to avoid you from too much intolerable.
Historic places I want to sight,
knowing the different happenings inside.
Either a leader, emperor, kings or pirates,
Pyramids, towers, places that is sacred.
the proust edition of la recherche i had, which i gave away to a charity shop; if you could stitch or strap the edition to my hands clenched into a fist (it was, after all a cheap 2 vol. edition), i could have knocked you out. no, i didn't read it, which is why many people never bother to use the dictionary, because it's always a one volume edition.<em>
it became so haunting to have sang with david
with the lyre the lyrics:
i'm happy, hope you're happy too...
ashes to ashes, funk to funky
we know major tom's a junky
strung out in heaven's high
hitting an all time low
it was so eerie i felt goose bump hoofs on my
cheeks adding for extra five o'clock shadow
that i never knew i had.
that's the thing about having european editors,
the bloody day, the whole theatrical approach,
it's just a bloody book of poetry,
it's not exactly an atom bomb,
but they sent the draft which i'm hoping to add
to with my *hoc erat in votis</em> to armenia,
Armenia, yes, once an incorporation of
the soviet rather than tsar's empire:
so jui-seph shtalin involved himself with the russians
from georgia, and my first idea sparklers will
come from armenia - good place to ask napoleon
to escape elba, i say, ol' chap.
and after the teenage girl hype period of an artist,
ziggy, you know what i'm talking about,
you get a process where an artist matures,
becomes prone to criticism, has no hype factor,
has no real monetary appeal to the less
hyped-up juice-of-genitalia army,
has to become a sensible economist -
there! catch him! that's where an artist
translates to other mediums his actual worth,
i feel privileged to have lived at a time
when david bowie released his heathen album,
one critic pointed that it was his best album
since the 1980 release of scary monsters,
so then i bought scary monsters...
i worked backwards...
i didn't feed the ziggy &amp; space spiders from mars
gimmick / egoism, or even the rebel, rebel choir
of cult followers, and you know what?
i'm happy, hope you're happy too...
it worked, now i can listen to the music like a distraction
tool, refrigerator buzz, ambiance, the freelance
artistry of it all, less care for kids, more care for
the insolent kids that aged and donned their employment
qualifications as 'art critics.'
but what i listen to isn't exactly what i write with,
it would plagiarise the thought process
so much that it would destroy it - the moment's gone,
the ingrained concept of time has allowed
for the same space of the origin of the narrative
to look different, even though nothing was moved.
so with this anglo renaissance circa 1950s -
1990s (nietzsche was critical of the reformation
when martin luther attacked the renaissance creativity,
no great composer in the counter-reformation,
just ignatius layola and the jesuits),
with the beat generation poets (preceding them,
the spirit of influence that was ezra pound
and no other i dare to admit, a seal-off point,
built a hydroelectric dam in nevada f. d. r. did)
you then had the explosion, and i mean it,
the EXPLOSION! 1960s psychedelia,
1970s cocaine infused black sabbath etc.,
depressive 1980s with depeche mode iconoclasm
and the cure's slit your lips if not wrists,
the great digging of porno duran duran,
scandinavian love hopes of a-ha, etc.,
then the shift back to the geographic place of origin,
seattle, grunge, rekindling of thinking man's
rock amiss the cocaine fuel of the decade
with prog rock bands, i.e. tool;
and then of course the brit pop decade
(oasis, blur, the stone roses, the la's among many,
bands that still invoked a sing-along even
in such odd places like taiz in burgundy
for the wonderwall chorus)
and then... the death of it all...
artists getting rich, flamboyant, eccentric,
and the people seeing how they were "duped"
deciding enough was enough...
came napster, came pirate - ye har me mateys! -
and the death of the anglo renaissance
with kareoke culture - indeed if
the germans never conquered england,
and that book <em>man in the high castle</em>
by philip k. dick isn't true...
why did we allow the japanese to conquer
our culture? huh?!
p.s. when you realise all those 5.5K reads,
all those so called morale boosters... on websites
such as these, don't have a  / $ in front of them;
and as i learned, after being reported to a website
similar to this accused of being a troll
for simply asking the long-ago standard
a.s.l. (age, sex, location) but only sticking to location,
losing some of the haul i'd liked to keep,
i realised i can lose that, no problem,
i rather lose that than lose what i have inside of me.
pre-scriptum that's actually a p.s. - shock value: staggering! what? peering into an empty glass, where once pirate rum-one-eye and damsel in distress ms. pepsi once resided! shocking! what now? well... guess that means a refill; ahoy the next glug glug! shave my pubic hair and call me p'ooh bear while you're at it; go on, skippy... MOVE IT!<em>
a lazy turd, lodged up your ass...
suggesting
itself, ever so slightly as being
present...
man... the most terrible drinking
companion to date...
in such moments it's never
much,
it's not you're going to be shitting
out a boa-sized tapeworm...
but you know: the general
discomfort, like wearing female underwear...
and it never is much,
it, just, *is</em>, there, forcing you
to think about its presence,
and that's more annoying than:
are we there yet? no. are we there yet?
no. are we there yet? no, no, no!
fucker, take the plunge,
be off with your retarded sloth
dynamic of pretending to be a cute
parisian pastry in the display window
in some parisian bakery!
fuck off!
that's what the blank said to me:
write me a funny one...
less sex... and more:
the confinements of taking the 2no.
for a stroll, past st. peter's gate
and toward the <em>throne of thrones</em>...
sure thing floating choccie...
but just: imagine!
mmm... stardust and cinnamon...
my grandfather had this knack of
describing his turd as:
i was just around the strawberry
fields... oh look! i also found a dozen
plums, and a handful of, cherries!
have those with milk, and that's
the perfect laxacative, that is.
on a serious note though...
(what's the onomatopoeia for snigger?
that painful kind of laughter?
don't know? me neither) -
it's hard to think when you
have a "hitchhiker" who has suddenly
outstayed its welcome...
a bit like the nicotine
"hangover" in the morning...
fuck me the excess of phlegm...
you hark, you bark, you snort backwards,
you spit, you sneeze,
you do everything possible to clear
the cavities...
after a while you finally reach
the morning bliss of:
smelling <em>mint</em> next to you...
you obviously water it to make the scent
exfoliate and become more potent...
but on a sober note,
this <em>sunday times magazine</em>
article by india knight got me thinking...
well... not really "thinking"
just bothered...
she's moaning about loneliness
and the solution: sex-bots...
she mention cock-boast gabriel -
and the flacid dick when you'd prefer a cuddle...
the sad bit?
apparently men are the prime
instigators of this "phenomenon"...
men only need sex-bots, someone tell them
they're loved...
thanks... next i'll ask a cave to echo back
a <em>hello</em> for me, morphing my voice
into that of <em>adelle's</em>...
look at my face... it came back in spanish!
biggest turn-off, (how to teen girls write it? ah!)
EVA!
sieve the eden eve into it?
now i know that's funny, but i always write
it assured that it isn't...
sometimes i get it wrong,
sometimes i even get a laugh for myself...
which brings me to the crucial point...
company?
well yeah, i have "conundrum" -
the memory of a sober me from 1 hour ago...
he likes to iron shirts,
watches female football...
likes <em>dirty dancing</em> because:
"apparently" - the film with the best soundtrack -
loves cooking, loves taking out the trash,
turns into a menace with his cats...
no, i'm not buying it...
ah, what's the point of selling myself like that,
it becomes a pretty boring ambition
of getting to mid-life and fucking younger girls...
i always thought that youth guards youth,
but... no... sour note that part...
well... nothing like turning to the guard
of cenobite invitation...
and fuck me, that ship has... sailed!
oh look, a pretty moment,
a ship on the canvas of where
sky meets sea, and a lonely ship,
and a sun taken to skinny-dipping!
just like a gay might say with
exact syllable peacocking: mar-ve(h)-loose!
louse? sure dingy-dingity-dong
two sopranos and three ballerinas later...
john? was it john? daaaarling...
you're my favourite compensation
to arthritis!
seriously? sex-bots are a man's thing?
so they made their pro-bot movies akin
to ex_machina...
but do people still remember
that sex-bot in spielberg modern twist
on pinocchio via the <em>a.i.</em> movie?
wasn't the sex-bot male?
lucky girls...
here with my bone-structured "cunt" imitation...
who fucked who with a
flacid soft-pouch-of-a-kangaroo
dick? shanta claush? sean... i told you to stop it!
shorry.
shure you are.
ah, fuck yeah! <em>gigolo joe!</em> -
now that's tacky, we've moved on - now they're
called the <em>teenage mutant turtle</em>...
teenage.... turtle... mutant... avengers?
whatever:
michael, raphael, gabriel, uriel, saraqael,
raguel, and remie....
theology and fame... ah... you probably
heard only the fraction 2/7...
what part was the part where "lonely"
was implied?
the part where i like my own farts...
or the part where i find it really, really fucking
difficult to even sleep with a cat in the same bed?
or the part that i fall asleep best,
with a lullaby of a horror movie sountrack?
Remember that time,
When we were round our friend's,
It was New Year's eve,
Another year ends.
We fell asleep holding hands,
And I never knew then,
But I do now,
As I hold this pen.
Remember that time,
When you slept round mine,
I wanted to hug you tight,
So you were mine for the night.
It was then I realised,
My feelings for you,
It's all so clear now,
My feelings are true.
Remember that time,
We all took a day trip,
The sweets and the market,
The tea we sipped.
It was a lovely day that day,
With the sky so blue,
I liked being in Salsbury,
But I loved being with you.
Remember that time,
We went to the play park,
It was Pirate themed,
We had to watch out for the shark.
We mucked around,
Like a little kid,
I remember all these things,
That we did.
Remember that time,
We stayed out in a tent,
What I said,
I truly meant.
I never felt cold,
The whole way through,
Because by my side,
There was you.
Remember that time,
We went down to the river,
It was raining hard,
I was cold and tried not to shiver.
We walked back,
You in bare feet,
All I wanted to do,
Was snuggle under the warm sheets.
Remember that time,
We caught the bus down,
To the beautiful place,
Of Christchurch town.
We walked through town,
Looking at stuff,
We walked and walked,
Until we had enough.
Remember that time,
We went to the sea,
I pushed you in,
And laughed with glee.
There was that freaky man,
Watching us play,
I still remember,
To this day.
Remember that time,
When we were together,
I still want to be with you,
Forever and ever.
Perilous voyages of small watercraft at sea , amphibious landings on well defended beachheads , Clipper ships whaling on distant oceans , military vessels in armed conflict , night of relentless cannon fire , explosive reflections across shark infested waters , treasure maps and chest laden with gold , rubies and pieces of eight , the cry of Viking warriors on the rugged coast of Newfoundland .. Pirates just off the shores of the Carolinas ..Forts Pulaski , Sumter and Jefferson on the Dry Tortugas ..
Oil platforms racked by ferocious winds on the Gulf of Mexico ..
Union and Confederate battles on Mobile Bay , Riverboats traversing the Mississippi ..Tending barges along the Ohio ..On high alert through Georgia's intracoastal waterways ....
All of the <em>I don't knows</em> caught in your throat. I can't tell if they're saying let love grow or let love go. I've stopped looking both ways when I cross the street. You don't have to be dead to be a ghost. I trace my skin trying to find the last spot your lips touched. I just want to show you how proud I am to be yours. I can't even remember what it feels like to have your lips pressed against my neck. It's like walking through a winter morning with no coat. Start a fire in a pit rather than in my heart. It's being stuck in a traffic jam just wanting to rush home to you. Is there even a home anymore? Sent out a flare off my shipwreck out at sea. Hoping you might come find me. Hopelessly remembering what it was like to search for you under bed sheets. I'll be forever lost without the comfort of your arms and your hands guiding me home.
I met a little boy, he loved the color blue.
All he did was laugh and sing, merrily free.
Man, don't you wish we could be this boy too?
He swabbed the deck; a pirate at sea,
A brave knight, or keeper of zoos!
Perhaps a king, sipping tea.
Perhaps milking cows! moo!
Yet he is not sick.
Today mom cried
Over my bed.
On my head.
I remember the giddiness I had as a small child;
All the world was a grand adventure!
Pirates sailed the seas,
Monsters hid in your closet,
The moon was just a cardboard box away!
Life was so much simpler,
The whole morning revolved around,
Spongebob and Tom &amp; Jerry,
The afternoon was time to play,
Evening was all about what dessert we would have,
Nighttime we would get stories of dragons and knights and princesses.
Each color through a child's eyes is vivid and awesome.
They see the world through a kaleidoscope,
And laugh in the most beautiful ways.
I would love to be a child once again,
And fly with the dinosaurs,
To the moon.
I got a job at the Carnival,
All the fun of the fair,
With its Carousels and its Wishing Wells
And The Ferris wheel up there,
With a Gyro Tower and a Gravitron
You could hear the squeals of glee,
As they whirled about, and one fell out,
Nothing to do with me!
My only job was to strap them in
And I went from ride to ride,
They told me to familiarise
Myself with every side,
I loved the whirling Octopus
And the Swinging Pirate Ship,
But of them all, the Matterhorn
Was the one I found most hip.
I ended up on the Enterprise
At the closing of the night,
Just two more rides, the man announced,
For a journey into fright!
I strapped them into each Gondola
As the twenty patrons paid,
And heard their screams as they soared aloft,
I could tell they were dismayed.
The ride came down with a grinding halt
And I went to let them out,
But no-one sat in the Gondolas
Then I heard the Barker shout,
Last ride, last ride in the Enterprise,
And the twenty folk got in,
I said, What happened to all the rest?
But he cried, Dont fuss now, Tim.
The Enterprise had begun to spin
And carry them all aloft,
Then disengaged from its base and floated
Over a farmers croft,
The sky was an inky black that night
And dotted with glittering stars,
And I swear today, I heard him say:
Theyre heading on up to Mars!
David Lewis Paget
i have a headache. i have sore arms.
from drinking at 3 in the afternoon.
from holding you up on a pedastal for hours.
i dreamt about a salty girl
riding in a parade &amp; confetti
made of dollars.
the golden rainbow is no bigger than my fist
and is blinding the dangling lovers.
next march the taste of flowers will
return to kill the garbage men,
they will be struck down by
flying swords of grass.
you will see the way the calvalry
becomes twisted up in drugs,
like a tornado singing a misty song.
it will let the dancer drift into orbit,
and i will watch as a pirate dies
of laryngitis.
killimportantmodernlikemrwarbombgotdirtylovecaredirtbeautifullife&shy;secondgodreallightknowtimenakedtearjustworlddieheartdeaddevilhuma&shy;noidvladmomentwanteyesmusiclonelyrespectnewssaygoodwordsburnheave&shy;nbighateairdeathwhiteyearsfreecaught machine guess right blood human night lost town bad burning hair born wild black car eat ate likes democracy planet pope newton make hands forever way live look alive thinking end oh work old living sick sun drive song bed tears cold clean police blind fat spit men pop law tells boring moral religion religious child's it'll soul thoughts intelligent tell cause flesh lips feel dying kiss bloody trying self history course justice pure deep shit try leave broken mountain brain owns child dog universe bleeding going lights insane build makes runs imagine stupidity bright stupid rich children quiet worry bite nothingness monster hell image exist crash millions piss holy terror satan hungry thousands asshole behave sentences tv nation murder christians believers banality quack leprosy psychopath collider bono let's hard-on million turn shot silly face stone away maybe little fuck breath taste tongue dance left pieces single charging red impossible fear fears america money wrong truth sea calm bitch fact cut meaning evil flaw hole laugh matter wasted hope talk new think feast stay questions wearing able head true stars swallow clowns queen art hard getting order floor flame missing felt door simple strong laws politicians tongues faith freedom tree flows gold lot space great happy butt streets sad mention poor species fake watching emptiness falling shame drugs lines rivers idiot late rise goodbye waste faces answers committed atmospheric birth games flood biting creature constant organic street witness stinking press large dressed glowing mass floating crimes morals dinner screaming nonsense deadly velvet laughs guts lord cries compare pressure fame superior oil spiders poetry views starving desires avoid genius web coded rights ape principles ideas possibilities priests creeps american sensitive jews humans reset americans nazi genetic dna diapers fingering muslims idiots optional companies assholes goddamn christening jihad imbeciles reincarnation porno who's what's teeth's self-righteous inside jeans gone damn hello goes smile seconds walls does minutes fun lies lick wet things score dreams thirst hold cheeks taking pull forgot secret dust soldier skin finger son pocket long star shine moon fast earth day stand year sleep peace house need spend comes mind help lie reading count fall hips close disappeared thing rude rust stir sky power family crave surely grow angels truly helpless smell hand driving nail thought created suppose believe personal tune feelings sharpened building messages paper worship word lunch force souls future kind times trail path days record open means perfect distant thousand youth write attention figured famous dj fly offering promise gently high excited enter ecstasy endless faded laughing dreaming short boy sure rain ice bond lip loves man humanity genocide wars food water families corrupted fool gun sorrow ghost buildings wonder step suffering roam bones stained knows delicate suicide catastrophe lab completely marry kitchen read secrets circle grave hunger waters inner filled suffocated ending veins crying deeper stopped insignificant slip non throat explodes gloom stare burger drown mirror endangered cup ears bear shirt voices sins saviour birds sorrows treat selling young crack necessary ego historic symbols travel volcano game scratch fucking confuse spill scream melts following ass known mama speed dress smelly highway speeding washed coat drop absolute intelligence mountains speech wheels father wants rip stains ground save pale surrounded swimming final miles motion sing confused sons sprayed wall swallowed road poets nightmare organ brains commit possible language golden key useless bombs sake raw john changed takes animal replied stories content track locked drives pit soaked honest everybody horrible gates hall worked understand control meat miracles sheer fed message goodnight split commitment claim knife fur folk madness monks tricks holes creatures terminal idea cracks books diamonds smashing stripped pleasures flowers utmost openly grim bare monstrous weaker everlasting drank banks weather raven hang birthday scar gravity sucking masturbation sunny snake yeah square serve sewer odd stiff stem shiny knocked noses duck troops chinese necks uncle stark dig service faster prince bold public utterly plane layer seriously powers strike heroes seven disaster slice trash eternally lawns sowed wife issues lasting kings crawls event diamond significance swallows prisoners bleeds russian friendship oceans matters piled dish cell cocaine dieing trains milky haunted fuel lumps seats owned pollution systems vanity champagne degree pump command daughters fortunately talent carpet foolish leg carrying virgins hosts lump dangerous license cleaning crucial cells wedding musicians greater genitals china responsibility knot jet weapon rottening slaughtered decent stolen goat absolutely tool limit possessions snakes righteous ozone happens illusion bounce shabby producing tumbled equal neurons insect biscuit notion link staircase fulfilled chewing ordered gadgets transporting craves stunned strategy damage fragments borders insurance jerusalem panda lasted cultural sluggish hitler member coins eyebrows contains buddha pointing clever virus overwhelmed acts solve classical fluid media mcdonalds widow cloths russia reported babys collapsing tom homeless nearest calculated humour ravenous boiled depend reject phones earthquakes discuss rape nigger misconception prodigal social jane nasty eats president sipping propaganda super electricity fathom spilled carrots liver bored behaviour fault similar ethics commercials sells boiling mortgage donald tons directly apes gruesome civil french passers theory construct crashes abnormal pleaded hack clan eaters delusions flaunt gonorrhea vegetarian taxes rockets leash ripping rational pirates embarrassing dolphin nationality shipping raping thanksgiving goods deals hopefully nephew flounder kennel orgies communists erupting haircut gays ku klux chins justin draped cerebral usa moron puke penis fraction neutral warren fornication belive batteries stoning chopped buddhism tolerate enlightened antibiotics dependence mae apocalypse irrational vise pets comedians sympathies somalia crises terrorists breakdowns peppermint biological sperm disobedience psycho vandals hippie fakes mac bombing nosebleed mafia infamously lesbians berg stylish pr dubai burgers production cruise commander embryos presidents clones gluttons chock retarded illegitimate iphone philosophical yucatan refuges celine inclusive spam dion sanitary waddling mullahs nationalism karl boner remix sensationalism psychopaths techno disney www punks bombay pomme rappers stucked elixirs bjork mutilations allright lagerfeld enormously elton rabies damien hirst capitalists ravers idealism salaries allready freddie zeitgeist dictatorships invoice asmile berlusconi scarified subjectivity riped ozzy snobbish bnp mcdonald we're you'll we'll beethoven's god's men's arseholes queen's feet's elizabeth's putin duck's einstein's poppop puppy's pig's buffett warhead self-satisfied post-human poo-poo 15 2000 fannie pictorial laundries nazism mahmoud caliphate woodworks biebers frites wonderfulmeaninglessness mujahedins fwarhols pseudo-subjectivity anti-document exstraordinary ahmadinejad behavelike muthafukas somethingeverybodyreally yourlanguage crucialenemies sayevil alicense yourselfwear thatyoudon'tlike someheavy reallymeancontrol andindulge swastikasneversayaword oneincludingyourself yourselfagunandplaywithknifes eraseany heartace parkistan bashra iq's entertanier 28000000 mrsk mc-kinny mller onepays isharshand muthafuckasdrop representingallthat toyesor ifno hintsaboutyour tosmallviolentgroupsin societylet andbeseenamongsymbols ifasked cremaster nothingofthisworks andstrangereligiousbehaviours automaticgunandpoppop getdrunkand oddpoint friendswithodd spreadrumours notunderstand ofviewspicksome intosomeviolence yourselfintooblivionaboutyour surroundyourself behavioursand disrespectfuland dotcom
As each ball falls
I juggle less balls
in the end there'll
be none left at all.
Try to do right and
keep perspective,
my sight
is injured by the
onset of night.
And you lot harangue me,
you'd strip me
and hang me if
you had your way.
But today I'm the juggler,
the word
I'm the smuggler
the pirate that sails in
with the goods.
Our morning spent making a tent
across the washing line
a sheet mum said not fit for bed
but as a tent it's fine
We used some sticks and old house bricks
to weigh the corners down
and neath our feet a thick ground sheet
made from a towel.. Brown
We fetched a lamp we used at camp
and hung it good and high
then snacked on chips and smacked our lips
and thought our throats are dry
Moms lemonade drank as we played
and pictures coloured in
a jigsaw done eating a bun
we raced to see who'd win
no fair I said to Mr Ted
as he played with my cars
That bun you ate was off my plate
So I am eating yours
He said ok now what to play
there's plenty here to do
Pick any game just say the name
and I'll play it with you
Played tic tac toe and domino
Hangman and solitaire
I won a few and lost some too
to my friend mister bear
We played for hours through Sun and showers
until mom came and said
tidy up neat the toys and sheet
it's dinner time then bed
ok I said please help me Ted
to put these things away
for its been fun but now we're done
and no more time to play
Tomorrow though you never know
we may play tents again
or pirates be sailing the sea
upon the Spanish main
But until then my little men
let's have you in your bed
sweet dreams sleep tight rest well this night
Both you andmister Ted
Our lopsided home
Sandwiches between
Thickets of sycamores
Abandoned and resembling
A surfaced shipwreck
Was swept clean by the floods.
But we craftily smiled
Like pirates up on their luck
Adrenaline sweeping our veins
Pumping us to search for
Any remaining buried treasure
Because in that moment
We realized we were safe.
Rebuilding was rebirth
And this labeled tragedy
Shook up our monotony
Giving us our badly needed
Second chance.
This is a story about a boy who wore a green outfit and hat.
He had a sword that he used to fight off the pirates and Hook.
He had a fairy named Tinkerbell, who was his very best friend.
He loved to play and have fun with the lost boys at Neverland.
He once had a mother, he knows that for sure, but now doesn't.
He told Wendy about how he returned to his home after leaving.
He said that the windows and door were all barred, locked.
He was locked out of his home and was heartbroken by that.
He also said that there was another boy in his bed, another child.
He said that his mother had forgotten about him when he left.
He said this when Wendy tried to get him to go home with her.
He was so sad when he was talking about his home and mother.
He had tears in his eyes as he sang about that very sad evening.
He would've said that he wasn't crying though if asked about it.
He went home, but found that he was not missed there anymore.
He then decided that it was best to not go back to that home again.
In a Strike
Lightning in Dice
I'm no Psych
Just a Mice
~
With a Slice
Be the Treasure
There's no Rice
But whole Pleasure
~
It's a Measure
To be Safe
Y'all Immature
Learn to Strafe
~
You a Wafe
Me a Pure
This is Chafe
I am Sure
~
See is Azure
Thrust my Gut
The must Alure
Who can Cut
~
Battle will Begin
Their's no Mercy
Who can Win
With no Trirsty
~
Don't be Nasty
Ships will Fire
They are Classy
Like a Choir
~
With no Tire
We will Roll
Do no Retire
That's out Goal
~
Burn the Soul
Fight with Urge
Do your Role
Let's Purge
~
We won't Merge
Enemy is tricky
To the Verge
Give them Hickey.
Atop the mountain gazing down,
I witness a collection of goats,
And right by then sat a small town,
Filled with gold, and boats.
I shifted angles and looked to the back,
A bunch of buffoons with nothing,
Staring at me as I screamt attack,
Ten, twenty , thirty men all coughing.
"<em>It must be the rum</em>", said one bearded buffoon,
"<em>it must be the weather</em>", said another,
And one with a scar said "<em>it must be the moon"</em>
And then finally "<strong>it must be my fart</strong>" said my brother.
They all ran towards the town, plundered the gold,
Made it so that the children could never grow old.
I came of age
as one of the
many young
knights who would
mature and become
Pirates.
Our kingdom
stretched from
the end of
the world along
the cliff
lined Pacific.
To the
low side of
Alma.
The sprawling
wild canyons
of 6th street,
to the railroad
tracks along
the waterfront.
Daring as we were
we drank straight
from the
bottle while
constantly
losing ourselves
beneath the
shadow of the
Owl.
Our friendship
was a brotherhood
and a hand shake
meant a hell
of alot more
than a greeting.
Black eyes and
stab wounds
worn like
medals earned
in battle.
The Cocaine was
white as bone
and the girls
were still as
fresh as the
Tangerines we
picked from
our neighbors
yards
in the summer.
The young Pirates
of those days took
all this Town
had to
give.
And even when
beaten down and
hungover.
The need to
experience still
fought on for
more.
The Armor
I wore in
those early
days was
youth.
And that armor
with stood
it all.
Youth can and will
endure many
things.
Almost all things.
All things
that
is but
time.
Yeah, right, those times when
you get involved in all those street fights
and you win them all
and all those fights are just to prove that
you're stronger
whereas your heart keeps on hollering in distraught
and suffocating in poignancy.
Yeah, right, there are those times,
you have always wanted to say,
"Dear mother and father, I have won this fight!"
after you actually conquered what the real fight is
which is battling your fear in places where you feel unwanted.
And thus you said it with gleaming pride to the two souls who raised you.
But unfortunately when you come home they disowned you
for they have grown weary of all your shenanigans and juvenile delinquent brawls.
Even the place that raised you has eradicated your presence
and thus you have nowhere you find tranquil
and you keep on counting the next battles and fears.
And yeah, they feel privileged to call you anything,
be it a libertine with a fucked up life,
or the kid with the lowest rank of worth in the school of the heinous world.
Indeed, you can thrash the living fuck out of them with your fists and guns.
But when they throw menacing words at you, you become weak
and all those fighting skills mean nothing to you now
for in all conscience you're weaker than broken branches
behind all those faades of the savage delinquent persona.
And your mother, her no-longer-precious young vine is out for war everyday,
but she keeps insisting that you're not fighting for anything at all.
And your father, his not-anymore shining crescent is now a forlorn and disoriented shipwreck,
but he keeps focusing on your rebellious surface rather than your shattered heart.
And your delinquent mates, they only used you because they think you're the strongest.
And the people who only know your surface, they're almost always out to haunt you everyday.
It's not about me, it's about you.
If one day you reach your limitation of strength
and you can no longer save yourself,
then who will do?
If there are plenty of kids who share the same fate of you
in this atrocity-ravaged world of seven billion,
then what can I do?
If lives keep on falling because all of us are weak but never get protected,
how dare I pretend that I'm unaware of it?
In the end, we all die.
Some die in contentment, some others in destruction.
Some die of fate, some others of choice.
But how would you feel
if the one who has always been in the front row of your gigs,
and the one whose artworks you have always adored,
and the one who always lights your circle with their vibes,
and the one who invincibly skates through high valleys,
and the one who sends you encouragement every night,
and the one who sends you to a real home when you're nowhere man,
are all the ones who die of choice?
Those conformist educational institutions give awards and homages to the ones
who are the smartest and brightest with scintillating future ahead of them.
But no one has ever given any awards to the strongest fighters
whose dark and distorted future is completely not their fault.
We didn't kill ourselves over shattered youth.
Those low-life swines murdered us after leaving us a shattered youth.
And thus I only have one single word;
Fight.
Not with fists, not with revolvers, not with explosives, not with submachine guns, not with daggers, not with sniper rifles, not with multiple launcher rocket systems.
Fight
with thy heart.
(The Governor has obtained the approval from England to allow Ivan to bring officially the gold to the Russian nun. Pedro and Carla started to talk in their bedroom.)
(Pedro said,)
''Your concern for life and health means more than the pleasure to have
Expensive jewelry; '' ''Can you explain the new conclusion
About our family future to me? '' '' Well, when glaciers calve,
They become slowly icebergs- nothing else but pure delusion.
(Pedro continued,)
Beatrice knows me better than you; with you I live
A lifetime of conservative thinking; '' ''make me understand
Your relationship with her, when you love and forgive.
Being catholic, you must give up your sins, at the Lord's Command.
(...said Carla. Pedro was seemingly not listening to her. He said,)
''I've visited New Spain to understand its reality.
I get back home to make the change; '' ''It seems that the Indian
People have changed your thinking; I predict a fatality.
It's just a different culture to be trapped in our oblivion.''
(Pedro said,)
''Life, in its essence, is guided by the same principles.''
''You could learn from the Turks as well as you have learned from
The Indians to keep your thinking invincible
At least, the Turks are civilized; I think their time will come.''
(Pedro replied,)
''The civilization is created; the Indians keep
Their unspoiled ideas far away from the vices of
The society; Turks always need their wonders on the deep
And some unique ideas coming from above
(Pedro continued,)
To change something in the evolutionary sense.
Though you have been in New Spain you couldn't concretely
Differentiate the old world from the new world and, thence
You couldn't understand Geraldine's origin; discretely
(Pedro continued,)
You cannot understand the fundamental meaning
Of the life change; this is the cause of our separation.
''I feel abandoned in our family; while educating
Our children you leave them to come back with a new conception.
(Carla continued,)
You're an individualist to fight against me; your fight
Is fierce and I feel like I'm thwarted and defeated
Until losing balance, until the devils mock my sight,
And until I can no longer resist while I need to be needed.
(Carla continued,)
That's why I got sick; '' '' Beatrice is, in fact, my life partner,
But I have to divide my time between her and our children.
It seems that my responsibility as a father
Made me turn back home and visit New Spain, which is bewildering.''
(Replied Pedro. Carla stopped talking for a few minutes, then she continued,)
''Bella said that no one can separate that oath that was made
In the Church and reinforced by a lifelong contract.
Miguel said that the marriage purpose is to get the highest grade
Of awareness to infer the consciousness abstract
(Carla continued,)
Meaning and to have a high moral identity.
The evolution of the moral conscience leads to developing
The moral identity, but we may call it, for brevity,
A concept of consciousness in the communion of feelings.
(Pedro said,)
''It seems that we have passed this moment, and therefore I want
To change, but in a different way from Descartes, who tried
To reconcile, using a dualistic way to get in sync,
The idealism with the materialism when they collide.
(Pedro continued,)
You have a dual concept of love and an internal
Contradiction between the spiritual love and the body
Sensibility; the pulse of your thinking depends on
Your soul moods; it should be vice versa; you love nobody.''
(...to be continued...)
Poem by Marieta Maglas
Imagination's beautiful
It can turn a stick into a sword
A tree into a giant fort
And a bike into a Ford
It can even change yourself you know,
You can turn yourself into a spy
Or a hero with a suit and cape
Or a pirate with one eye
Or a joke
And a failure
And a man with a future bleak
For imagination can be a curse
And a reason that we're weak
It makes me think a laughing crowd's
Subject matter must be me
It makes me weary constantly
A devil in my head
Did she say she'd die for me
Or that she wants me dead?
A young boy calls to his father
Longing for the comfort of his hands
To hang onto every word as if it was treasure
Just like what the pirates fought over in that distant land
That his dad often told him about
He looks to his mother
To calm the fears he had come to hold
And her soothing nature
Told him it was ok to let go
Let go of all the anxieties and worries he had picked up though the day
And all of the insecurities and names he gathered along the way
He knew that he was safe here
This resting place
Where he could be himself and not have to put up a face
This was his home in the loving embrace
Of his parents
that's what i found so problematic in
understanding thought,
but concerning the idea of a flux
i found the stasis point in it,
it was better translated by the cartesian basis
of inquiry, i can't negate thinking
because the ontology of thought
is primarily synthetic to pass the time,
rarely analytic unless professional,
so i dropped the <em>a priori</em> / <em>a posteriori</em>
compounding crap and came up with
good enough reasons for cognitive analysis
and cognitive synthesis...
i can relax now, i guess...
so wrote something in a hardcover by horace
to remind me of the origins of biases and bases...
kindergarden swing tactic and pendulum continuum,
i hate to break it to you, but my thought
has no megaphone in the 18th century,
but my words have a place in the 22nd century
given the 21st century provide the images
i'm bound to decipher...
i guessed the asian girl was a robot...
and subsequently i thought all those things
i wrote in the poem prior...
imagination is hard to insist with regards to successful
usage... it uses no patent geometry or
skeletal phoneticism of reminder...
you will not remember a picasso to say something...
but i bet you'll remember an m to utter the sound
em em mmm mumble, funny how it works.
we're not in art gallery... we're just buying
potatoes for home-made vodka...
we're living under martial law in poland
before the anticipated soviet invasion and we're happy...
not like now... the silicon god of the microchip
chopped our limbs and we lost the amazon
green for london grey cement and cemetery...
we're here, there's not point poking fun at my grimace
with a flashlight.
so losing the timing of knowledge... the spacing
of knowledge is an onion metaphor for a working
car engine: drilling team in arabia,
the pirates of somalia,
the cargo ships from scandinavia,
the flirty whipping rich boy scouts asking for
a next cunt mojito of fever...
well... i did the opposite to english...
i allowed "dirty" words into the vocabulary i use
rather than allow dirt images to weave a spiderweb
enclosing the spider...
i rather censor images than censor words...
poor tactic to censor images...
sometimes a nibble of sadism will penetrate
this whole provision of safe porno,
censor "dirty" word usage and you'll only
allow dirtier than the dirty words to enter via
images... my god... you must be a sensitive cubist!
we'll allow rape cannibalism and squares...
but we won't allow the representative of
seasonal cannibalism of spring eating autumn
with the tetragrammaton's H &amp; H (twinned temperament
in coordinate starting vector 0C
then donning the appropriate clothes while
the trees change their muscles leaving the skeletal exposed),
or acknowledging that there's only a definite
capital delta / y in writing -
we synthesised the square the circle the triangle...
we got  and pythagorean equation...
we gave these shapes the thesis categorisation of scalpel...
we cut with them...
but then they cut us... mathematicians committing
suicide with drills over the -continuum
that's anti-trigonometric surrounding anti-matter...
but as society goes... courtesy in speech
doesn't necessarily provide courtesy and chivalry
in action...
censor the words fuck... and then watch the emerging show
that's antonymous to the majority of time
spent in commute: dumb gloom &amp; grey fancy
to create a rainbow like a shaman.
You remember when we
thought that Dardo was Dad,
Maybe were right or
were just going mad ?
But if we are right
and if it is true,
Then he must be
the crimson pirate too,
Dardo and Vallo
are but the same man,
can he be both
I believe that he can,
If you think of if logically
it's no surprise,
I've already said
Dads a master of disguise,
The conclusion is obvious like a blade in a sheaf,
It's said both of these menWell there all teeth
You in Georgia?
Kentucky?
Oh shit man,
that's my vagabond girl right there.
Come here.
This place is full of you
your face is in it
and it's full of books.
I know what you're sensitive to
and I'm kind of an idealist.
We'll do it up.
Or down.
We can get scrappy!
That's our middle names.
My one wish,
is too meet Peter Pan.
He'd come in the night,
and take my hand,
and off we'd go to Neverland.
Without a care in the world
we'd play in the sand,
sleep under the stars,
and dance hand-in-hand.
We'd play in the woods,
fly through the sky.
Just him, the Lost Boy's, Tink and I.
We'd battle marauding pirates,
push Captain Hook off the brink.
I would be his missing link,
and he would be mine.
It'll be purely divine.
We'd live without a sense of time.
We'd fight with wooden swords,
Wed sing in celebration, and not care about the noise.
We'd never grow up,
and always rejoice.
We would explore the land,
find hidden treasure's, big and small,
hidden by the waterfalls.
We would climb mountains,
swim in lagoons.
And sail in the sea,
Peter, Tink, the Lost Boys and me.
We'll chant with the indians,
trick mermaids.
Wed live a life of oblivion.
But unlike Wendy and Jane,
Who left to presume,
a lifestyle full of gloom.
And while they live life like a masquerade,
concealing every once of their pain
Neverland is where I'll remain.
And after all these years,
I'm still waiting,
for Peter Pan.
Still dreaming,
that he'll come in the night,
and take my hand.
And we'll never leave,
until forever ends.
Me and my Peter Pan.
They promised to level you up
After a six month grind.
Took a ball point pen
kept your eyes on the macguffin.
but there's still rats in the basement
never made enough Rupees
To trade in this wooden sword
no matter how many teeth
or claws you trade in
You're still stuck behind a register
or mopping up XP from the local wildlife's viscera
During your daily quest
turning in the farmers daughter
you noticed a woman promptly positioned in your way.
Some bandits killed her father
and she just stuck around
Until you hit the local tavern
and drank too much whiskey
you ran off to fetch her some pearls
then while digging for CLAMS
You met a pirate man
Who asked you to steal back his map.
while you were finding his buried treasure
you happened to find a letter that
forced you into a coffee shop
and here you sit.
always fell for the macguffin
Now you caught the most obvious one.
Always running around, trading pelts for clues
But they just kept you busy so you never traveled out of town.
if you ever headed out
You'd be slaying more than dragons
there's more than princesses to set free
out here in the big world.
your next quest is self actualization
go Sattle up on that griffin.
and head to the farthest town.
You don't know how to make the gold right now
but if you stay here.
how are you gonna find out?
The untamed urge
To explore the wild
Unleashes the adventurous
Heart that beats faster
Raring to go
Further and beyond
The audacious instincts
Rips across hurdles
To delve deeper
Into the unknown
Where, the treasure is
Pirates cant challenge
The fearless sword
And face annihilation
The untamed heart
Is the bravest
To explore the wild
Lately
What I do is a vacancy with
A disposition made just for me and it's
In a position that they can't see, you see
In deep blue seas
There's the place where a vacation is free for me
And then you dream in peace
So call me maybe the ghost protocol where most of those photos of all the things I do
Are used as prototypes, baby so-called clues of my new call to move where-
In everywhere and wherever and with whomever and whenever which
Is whosoever or whoever's whichever of whatever, for all of you
Whether the weather's a typhoon in-
Cluding the SoCal blues but
This isn't all I do
It's just that it's my call of duty
On a mission for all of what's true
But without bailing, balling or brawling in her suit
And then failing, falling, bawling and calling and then crawling in pursuit
Like some other subliminal, minimal flukes
'Cause it's done much better than those "lyrical, miracle, spiritual, individual and criminal" dudes
Or bitter, fritter critiques with the use of twitters
In order to refute the fullest of all hippo-critical fools and critters sitting and fitting
Itching to switch to snitching about this glitch
Which is hitched to renewing, stitching and gluing our fitches to truth and
And yes without twitching to their witch's magical, musical flute
Then in lieu of the altitude of the attitude rude of my pirate-like crew's mood
Whether longitude or latitude and more than impractical platitudes
I'm not as irate as I seem al-
Though it ensues that right on cue in due
Time with an aptitude of gratitude and exactitude in
Solitude throughout fortitude or servitude, to allude what you elude and dude
To intrude what you conclude with certitude in an interview interlude and now
Then out of you, under coveralls to view the overall outerlude
I rate the magnitudes of the habitudes it seems you take for granted in dreams and all types of things
And though my soul is a hologram
Hollow weight and zero grams
Hero traits with a villain glam I'm
The man of love and that of
One of the toughest clams above
Or below, I should say
Like Poseidon
Oh baby we ride on
Or sail on, should I say
The ghost of Poseidon
Then in lieu of the attitude of my pirate-like crew
I'm not as irate as I seem or
Even irritated as they deem nor
Norse, Thor or a heart of granite
I rate the things we take for granted, granted far asleep
Stereo-hyped in dreams with all heights of wings and
Although my soul is a hologram
Hollow weight and zero grams
Hero traits with the chill of a villain vibe or glam I'm
The anti-hero, champion of love and that of
One of the toughest clams clamping it above
Or below, I should say
Like Poseidon
Oh baby we're riding
Or sailing, I should say and it's
It's the ghost of Poseidon that's
That's trailed night and day
The ghost of Poseidon that's
That's trailed night and day 'cause
They say, I did it my way then they're
On my tail right away
On my tail right away
We made the conversation for a passerby
Each one more ridiculous than the last
We neglected nutrition with haste
But we swallowed the lies of enlightenment
I needed a moment to compose myself
But the restroom was full of powder and human exchange
I laugh at this mad display
basking in this show of human excess
My tent is folded
never did construct it
Someone stole my poles
hippie sabotage
Strippers slowly swinging
holes in the forest
Eyes in the tree tops
Run up a hill
to avoid an old pains inquiries
At the top I meet a man
he pulls me aside
Trying to explain his condition
"My boy my shoes went nomadic I am aware of the irony!"
I say sir we are all mad currently
Enjoy the breather because dawn is coming
I make my exit because I see him eyeing my sneakers
Paddle boats?
Climb aboard says a spun out pirate
Indeed indeed
He had a plastic saber as a sword
and a marshmallow gun at his side
How he got it past security I will never know
When I ask him this he said he came by waterway
and that this paddle boat was made for excursions
A wild man with five wild women wave at me from the center dock
but I am much too shy for orgies
Music now
bring out the rhythm
make room for the rage sticks
I hate them so
Make it to the center
I'm not sure of what yet
But I'll figure it out
maybe
I haven't thought about the fellow water waves
Flowing on a distant land in every step
The white foam, the blue face
Wipes away the sin of every ship
The pirates resting on wooden planks
Drinking rum and fish
Neither do they think of rusty slaves
Wearing torn and dirty rags
An also wearing sweat with every work
That they do not do on their wish
'land ahoy'! is all they say
And do not scold themselves for mistake
Yet keeps and eye on every slave.....
Even if they drop and apple
Or rumble a word in the food table
The pirates hold them for slay
And on and on sparkling knives
Cuts through rough skin
Being blood in disguise
Flows from wooden planks to the sea.....
And yet the sun has been a sign of hope
For, every traveller had to cope
To meet the land of treasures
Sun defines brightest light
Every happy kid flies a kite
And smile shows instead of fight
It has been known forever
Yet why is it that during sunrise and sunset
I see darkness brushing the trees
For injustice meet meets happiness
Where death meets hope in horizon
Is only when the sun meets the sea
Yea +
(4)
I rob niggaz 4 they shoes
Yea+
Yea+
(Me n joey got the juice
Yea+
Yea +)2
Lowlife
Greedy Gangsters
Imma drug addict
Aye
Imma devil
Imma spirit
U don't want no static
Aye
Selling molly pills n bags
'Ziner on my ass
Aye
Joey crack a beat his ass over petty cash
Aye
Stole some heron
I can't use it so I knock it off
Aye
U been selling shirts 4ever shorty knock it off
Aye
I got 2 niggaz doing 40yrs a piece
Aye
Mr reaper (2)
U not scaring me
Aye
My bitch got hair like just like rogue from the x man
Aye
Rob u blind n sell yo product 2 the next man
Aye
She a pirate
She a siren
She a winters dream
Aye
Low nem grave, he playing pussy, get the summers eve
Aye
Jimmy Hopkins wit a pistol
Hang u like some stensils
Aye
Low nem drawing on reaction, in not talking pencils
Aye
Shorty stealing science scales cuz she loves me
Aye
U ain't hear me call u fam so plz don't trust me
Aye
Money man(2)
Im the son of Sam
Aye
Burnt my soul, I can't ever c the sun again
Aye
All my family drug dealers
Killaz
Thug niggaz
Aye
N Im always looking down cuz Im above niggaz
Aye
Were da dope (2)
Were da plug nigga
Aye
45 kicker
Damn that pistol fit so snug nigga
Aye
I know shooters (2)
Just like hot sauce
Aye
Were Im from couple bills a get u knocked off
Aye
You pushed Anne
in her wheelchair
along the path
by the beach
having left
the nursing home behind
having gone through
the back gate unseen
what will they say
when they see
were not there?
you asked
well say
we were kidnapped
by pirates
she said
they wont believe that
you said
who gives a damn
she replied
here weve got freedom
and sea air
away from the peering eyes
and all you worry about
is what theyll say
you pushed her slower
to hear what she was saying
theyre suffocating me
Skinny kid
I cant breathe
shut up there with
kids gawking
at my one leg
and stump
now push on
and faster
she said
you pushed her faster
looking over your shoulder
to see if anyone
was following you
but none was
where are we going?
you asked
forward and into battle
she said laughing
waving a hand in the air
drawing the attention
of people walking
along the path
and some on the beach
there Kid there
she said
pointing to an ice-cream van
by the side of the path
got any money Kid?
she asked
no I havent
you said
lucky for you then
that I have
she said
all this fucking way
with no ice-cream
and Id have been
pissing myself
with frustration
she muttered
as we approached the van
what are you having Kid?
you stared at the list
on the window
of the van
one of those
you said
pointing out an ice-cream
in a cone
two of those
she said
to the ice-cream man
he made up two ice-creams
and handed them to her
and she gave him
the money
and you pushed her
by the side of the beach
where she gave you one
and you sat
on the side
of a low wall
and sucked away
thank you
you said
yourewelcome Kid
she said
and anyway
take it is a reward
for helping me out
of the bath last night
you looked away
and felt yourself blush
she smiled
her upper lip
touched by ice-cream
her eyes on you
anyway Kid enjoy the day
dont have regrets
for not doing
and she sucked away
some more
as you watched
the incoming waves
rushing
on the peopled shore.
The most mysterious letter
Out of the 26 in the alphabet.
Students rack their brains
To find the value of x in math,
Pirates hunt viciously
For that treasure,
At the place marked "X".
It's such an
Enchanting
Enigmatic
Letter.
A twinkle in its eye,
Playful smirk on it's face,
Never to be found.
I guess
I could liken you
To the letter X.
Ian Garrick, he sailed the Seven Seas
or Captain Redbeard, as he's known to you and me
He loved riches, as well as flesh and wine
But death and destruction are what filled most of his time
Captain Redbeard, despised and feared
Ian Garrick, he died at sea
The Crimson Captain, he came to be
The Dread Phantom Pirate King
Without Mercy
The Kings Commander, the mightiest to sail
Remembered just by title in his enemy's folktale
Died in battle, attacked to no avail
But still saw the captain fall
Beyond the Pale
His eyes were gold as fire
Demise, his sole desire
His eyes were gold as fire
Demise, his soul desired
In nightmares, Ian Garrick lives
Captain Blood-N-Gore
The images his name still gives
of Horror, Hell and War
Are bound to silent darkness
In the Depths of Nevermore
Until a poor fool summons them
In suffering, Reborn
The shards of green glass scatter
About the dusty floor
Ancient messages escape
From the bottle that is no more
Whispers of tales as old as time
Start making their way across
The old man's map, their origins marked
In forests cloaked in moss.
Murmurs fill every crack in the wall
With stories from drunken lips
Of pirates, Kings, mermaids, &amp; ghosts
And giant whales swallowing ships.
Through wallpaper peelings &amp; under floorboards
The messages twist and turn
And as the sun rises, they head for the door
To the bottle they'll never return.
April 7th
Late one night as I walked the shore,
There came to me whispers, whispers of lore,
And there, her tail sparkling amid moonlit foam,
Arose such a lady, of mermaid kingdom,
She sang to her sisters, sang of her lover,
With tears in her eyes, the voice of a mother,
His valor was great, and his gilded gills strong,
But to quarrel with men, was where he went wrong.
One day as he swam, he met with a ship,
Swollen boards, barnacles, iron bolts rusted,
A pirate ship, not to be trusted,
And captive on board, were children for Haiti,
Who cried for their homeland, their hearts feeling weighty.
Their African voices, and African songs,
The voice of a mother, for her child she longs,
The princes heart broke, and he wept for his cousins,
Bound for a life of back breaking strife,
He could not leave them and return to his wife.
From whence have you came? His voice through a crack,
In Fanga and Dmindi our feet were entrapped,
Our hands roughly shackled, and lips cruelly slapped.
Oh Fanga of bananas sweet, where blue sky that river meets,
Oh Dmindi, great bronze walled city, now ransacked and devoid of pity.
My Family! cried the Merman, Just a day offshore you are!
If I could get you back . . . do you think youve traveled far?
We cannot see the sun, dont know when our sorrow begun.
Wait! One says, Theyve fed us twice. Two days ago we were cast off.
Surely we could travel back, and if not, in Africa wed rather rot,
Than in this sinking, stinking pot.
So the sea prince called his creatures many, whales and dolphins,
Turtles and sharks, in the sun they made their marks.
The Pirates on board became perplexed!
The sea was soupy, their course upset!
What could they do, with this onset?!
The Captain snarled and shook his braids,
Of no man or beast am I afraid!
And on his rifle his callused hand laid,
Let war on these creatures now be made!
Every Pirate with his gun! The captain now was having fun!
Bullets hit the water, but very few found their marks,
For there was but little marks to see, except the tracks of swimming sharks,
The sailors groaned, what magic is this?
What has happened to the fish?
That they would around our boat amass, where do we go? Oh, alas!
The day grew later and so sign was seen,
The pace was kept, for the shore they were bound,
If this keeps up, well run aground!
With half-fish leading, in the front he swam
He encouraged his army, and called to his friends
Toward CotedIvoirewe are a sailing,
Do not let your hearts be failing.
(No pirate could hear his voice, this was the half-mans special choice)
I shall take you not to a harbor, but to an island inhabited by few,
With food in abundance and canoe trees for you.
That night as the stars rose, he sang them to sleep,
In their own mother tongue, no more did they weep.
For they were surrounded by magic of love,
Love of the keeper of the sea, a father himself.
But then in the morning, the morning of slaughter.
He let his tail slip above the bright water,
The Captain roared with guffaws of cruel laughter.
To arms again my men! He cried,
And on that day the Merman died,
For with his dark blue back exposed,
The Captain knew the enemy he loathed,
His aim was sharp, and his propellants deadly,
A shot rang out among the medley
Of orca chants, and dolphin chirps,
And at once clouds moved across the sun.
As purple blood stained the water, the Captain shouted We have won!
But the race toward land didnt slow one knot,
The outcome wasnt changed by a single shot.
The great fish knew that their command hadnt died and the death of their king,
Though for sure they cried, His body was dead but his word was alive.
Two porpoises left to carry his body, away to a grave, to lay with his family
To the Castle of Coral their burden did bring, to sisters to mourn and his dirge to sing,
They wrapped his long body, laid him in a cave,
Cursed the old Captain, oh kill the cold Knave!
And brothers did leave to do that hard deed, and carry the princes wish out.
They swam in a swarm to the creaky old Roger,
In the night they did find her,
Her crew in a bother,
And climbed they the boards that held her together,
Soon she was taken, the pirates all killed
And prisoners unshackled, as the Merman had willed
(some mermen did die, in the scuffle preceding, but most wore protection,
Their brothers fate heeding)
The sun did arise, in the brilliant sky,
A Heros day! The Africans cry.
The mermen guided the vessel to shore,
And of the Queens story there was little more,
Except that now she sings in the evenings,
As she raises her girls and little menlings,
No one will she find to replace her Prince,
No such lonely valor has she ever seen since.
So she sings to her sisters, under full moon waves
And calls to her cousins, on land that are slaves
That saviors will come, their own lives the cost
And vengeance will fall, happiness is not lost.
A river of emotion-- wandering
Always. Always going back.
The blue whip of the seas
To the Spratlys.
The blind sting of salt
That felt like fire.
Moments of impact.
A sailing journey.
The big dam of everything
That is not you. A night
In the belly
Of a bluer whale.
Pains that are necessary.
Pains that fortify the past,
The tides and the lesser heart.
This is not like those.
My aching bears no weight;
It is the inner weight itself--
An old anchor, the great shipwreck,
Our first kiss I remind myself of.
Ever hopeful. Ever silent.
Ever love.
Here, I wait for you.
Here.
Still is the pain...
...that love moves.*
2014 J.S.P.
the holidays always get me down. when december rolls around i end up feeling like a christmas tree that no one wants to decorate with lights, like a long winter without any snow, like life's one big office party &amp; i'm the only one who's alone underneath the mistletoe. february is just around the corner &amp; i've got to hide from cupid because he always misses my heart &amp; hits me in the throat. it's been more than a month since the paris bombings &amp; i remember how it was "lights out" to honor the dead &amp; somehow i can relate to that.
i start to wonder if i can be anything to anyone if i mean nothing to myself then my thoughts drift to you like debris from the ghosts of space shuttle columbia still haunting the earth, like pluto white knuckled in its orbit around the sun because it's the only home it knows. and this is where i've been finding myself lately, constantly lost somewhere in the gravity between us but i don't know how to tell you this.
sometimes i think about you so often i feel like i need to apologize &amp; when the sun abandons you i think about you even more so you don't get lonely at night. i know you've been feeling like a ghost lately too &amp; i can't help but wonder what it would be like to walk through walls with you. in fact this morning i woke up on my deathbed &amp; all i wanted to do was bury my face in the graveyard in the curve of your neck &amp; make you my final resting place. but i don't know how to explain that you make my heartbeats sound like knocking coming from inside a coffin so i'm searching for ways to tell you that you make me feel alive.
the truth is the last time i tried to say "hello" my heartbeats turned into lines of poetry &amp; got all tangled up in my rib cage &amp; when i opened my mouth i ended up coughing up sand &amp; seawater because i'm afraid you'll figure out that i'm only a shipwreck &amp; there's no sunken treasure here. the thing is i'm always afraid. i'm afraid that this sinking feeling will always hang from my shoulders like a heavy anchor &amp; eventually it will only bring you down too. but everyone has someone in their life who drowns them in the best &amp; worst ways and i've come to realize that you are my ocean.
the other day i tried to tell you that i think you're warm and kind and beautiful but all i could say was "you inspire me". i don't know what else to say because i always seem to make people disappear &amp; i'm afraid to get close to you because i think there's still magic left in my veins. so i wrote this poem instead because i'm so used to feeling like the city of paris in its darkest times, but you make me feel like i'm the eiffel tower at night. i also got netflix in case you get tired of my metaphors and we don't even have to chill.
The world had so much to tell
but very little time to spare.
She searched for what to do
and decided to write it down in books.
There are more treasures to be found in books
than all the treasures stashed up by pirates...
-Walt Disney
Clouds...so simple...so complex
different motions in the air...there concave and convex
their motions are unclear...its a constant that's not set
explosions and high riffs disguised in horizons
Clouds are then hijacked, by the cloud pirates
A cloud city undiscovered, while under a riot
Thunderous clouds begin to shockingly shout.
Their rain is soon to demount, Across our region no doubt
this cause can refresh a dry surface while healing a drought...
Various impacts from this winded chain reaction...
A gust of thick air turned thin touches any human that passes.
There's some who don't understand this interaction...
Walking through the wind...seems like any other action.
Raindrops attack the ground with splashes..equivalent to broken glasses
War has waged between weather and man.
Mother nature is a woman with furious fangs
The alert stand, while the curious hang..
To survive, elements must be juggled by hand.
We are pebbles to walking giants
mixtures scissor our climate
Screeching storms of silence
Create a sense of confinement
who would have thought that nature could be so violent.
i just love the monday gray sky, mixing nicotine phlegm cough-up roughage taking part of my larynx and the oesophagus wall off while drinking coffee and melted hazelnut flavoured ice-cream (baileys).*
european languages tend to stress an atomised syllables,
therefore encouraging a cheating mechanisation of the tongue,
dont get me wrong, due to the lack of diacritic
in english, we have a wide diversity of accents,
no scot would say a posh yes,but rather say aye
like a pirate to a squire in a top hat...
the asiatic languages tend to twin letters rather than breed them
as unique and segregational, but then come across the problem
of outspoken dyslexia: cat ketchup.
the asiatic countries solved the matter in the rubric:
ni in
honnoh
ar ra
elle
poop
hence so much grammatical schrapnel in european languages,
the prepositions and the conjunctions etc.
its no wonder the complexity of compounding H or He or O
within CO2 or H2 or EtOH is necessary as is pictographic
representation in mandarin;
but it does make the european languages very musical,
actually that's what defines european languages
their musicology is due to phonetic approximation
of their characters a - z, alas if that were the sole +
on the matter... it's also a strand of languages
that fakes concerns, lies, and sees a quick gain
crafting a breed of ohs and zeros in the millions
for no apparent reason other than self-promotion,
white snail caviar pearl chandeliers ritzy champagne and yachts;
no wonder we have a second alphabet! i.e.
onomatopoeia /nmtpi/.
Everyday the mirror looks at you
It sees what you dont
It sees what you do
Either way,
Every day,
The mirror looks at you
Everyday the mirror looks at you
It sees your amber eyes
Smoldering and wild
It sees your glistening teeth;
Your dashing pirate smile
It sees you at your worst
It sees you at your best
Either way,
Every day,
The mirror sees you nonetheless
Everyday the mirror looks at you
It steals your image like a thief
How selfish is the mirror
To cause me so much grief
How selfish is the mirror
That sees you everyday
That it will not share you
With my eyes, so far away
Everyday the mirror looks at you
Only inches from your face
From a thousand miles away
I dream to take its place
Everyday the mirror looks at you
It sees what I dont
Oh what I wouldnt do
If everyday
I could be inches away
And look at you too
Everyday I envy the mirror
That sees all you cant disguise
For Ive never felt so beautiful
As when I saw my own reflection
In those amber eyes
I was always a pirate,
but I cried when my mother made me apologize
mouth sticky with taffy
standing, chubby and head hanging at the register.
Fast forward about 15 years and the bag was full before I came in...
sort of...
with each five-fingered purchase,
I flattened filling and raised awareness.
That '86 Royalle Olds' might as well
have had a Jolly Roger on the break light.
Those lawn-lovers had no idea; the gnomes stood no chance.
The refrigerator in that apartment was a shelf of empty bottles.
My mouth was a shelf of angry urchins;
prickly, and poisonous.
Age made me less salt than ore
and I tried to love the land
with fervency and fear.
Clinging to the pews, the fat lady did sing,
and sing, and sing,
but not the ending.
Once you earn the salt-sailor's badge,
there is no convenient way to dress it up,
but boy does it make a good story from the pulpit.
I can't boast of robbed riches or daring escapes.
My ships were sodden floored and taking weight.
My homesteads, still, were fractured living.
So, no, instead of calling the name a fate, I'd rather gloat.
Raccoons, clever bandits and plunderers they are
do not make excuses for their nature.
They are who they are,
and I...
am a pirate.
Motionless White
Numbers on a map.
No more.
So much ocean.
Men adrift at sea.
Only hope keeps them alive.
That and faith in God.
Old misplaced ways left behind.
New ways reborn.
The miracle happens.
Picked up by a trawler.
Too late for one.
Fine for five.
A miracle?
You, Jesus, tell me.
based on a shipwreck
This is
A storm raging
Somewhere in the dark, the battered soul of one who is lost at sea
And deep in the hull there is a lamp burning
It's glow just a flicker, trying to stay alight
Despite the waves crashing onto the decks
Despite the haunting melodies that call him to shipwreck
Still, it glows
I want to bathe him with saltwater to heal him
I want to warm him, I am a summer tide gently undulating on compacted sand
I want to pour myself like molten rock into his body
Encapsulating his heart, making him whole, making him strong
This is... Love
Angels visit this place sometimes,
when occasional fog comes down
&amp; cloaks them in their flight
there are gelaterias
&amp; burger restaurants in town now
&amp; the buses still run at midnight
but when all are gone, the angels gather
at the sleeping harbor
&amp; gaze at the Clifton lights
watching over this pirate town
guarding somebody's broken heart
perhaps now, mine
re-reading rejected love letters
shaking their sublime wings
westerners: we're basically the people with a big bang theory in our heads (what a shitty name for what used to be an awe-inspiring venture into the natural environment and colours, now just a black dot, no wonder the imagination dried-up at the end of the 20th century and it all became, "a little bit technical" / technology perfected the making of money / no -logy attache with art, the feel got the most of it), and having to still perform menial tasks, most of which became anti-physical, exports to China - an intellectual flatline of bureaucratic esteems, preferably lost among scientific theories that demean, devour and conspire to reach pinnacles of overstretched pronoun usage... too many nouns, too many nouns, there are to many names in this world that gather inert verbs around them - say the word aeroplane and i bet you won't end up being a pilot, able to fly the damn thing from London to Helsinki.*
i just realised i can't do it - applying
poetry to historical prose is exhausting -
the project has been terminated -
it's like two-hydrogen atoms coupled
to an oxygen atom defining the Atlantic,
the Pacific and a few lakes in between -
how can a single human being
encapsulate all that history? i don't
mind people spying on me, i know
spying is a form of fetishism, but trying
to encapsulate all that history in one
unit is counter-productive, non-representative,
i stopped on page 55, i didn't even get to
Greek history - what i love about all
that philosophical bollocking is that it's
airy, a modern arts gallery - you can fudge
in an elephant in there and people would say
that it's the five-blind men - or the sixth
deaf man, given the odd trumpet sound -
history literally does exhaust poetry the
easiest, philosophy at least antagonises it,
it's on the same playing field, both are in tune,
however well or however badly the strummed
guitar / ego - if i was going to sift through
another ball sack of historical facts predating
antagonistic history like the events of
the Cold War or the horrendous disintegration
of Yugoslavia (Gorbachev was rightly
pompous to the end, the Soviets went their
separate ways peacefully, now Azerbaijan
sponsors the Euro football tournament) -
but if i were to shove all that shit into my head...
you know where Alzheimer's stems from?
i think i know - too much information,
too much information canvased against
easy, menial tasks... if they only taught us how
to not feel bored, instead of fucking us with
Pythagoras and calculus and whether it was
Newton or Leibniz who finished the finishing line
first... education in the West is a fool's game,
it's like that fable about giving an African
a fish or a fishing rod - they sell this shit in
Calcutta - me? i'm selling you a pirate copy,
don't bother - don't even go to university,
they'll turn you into a double-div that you already
are, professional academics are not high school
teachers, they're the ones in line with ambitious
Higgs' boson, oh sure, Mr. Blair and that famous
'education, education, education,'
how about go fuck yourself, go fuck yourself,
go fuck yourself?
the educated are in debt and the common
sense people,
well, they're also in debt - mortgages and what
not, but when i think about it...
i'd be earning super money to spend it... on what?
ifhad children, fair enough,
the grand selfless act - maybe... erm...
never trust a female politician because she ends
up a tarantula, a black widow, caring for her own
rather than the sperm masturbated into a hanky?
listen, if you had a woman try to kill
you via your childhood friend... you wouldn't be
Kentucky frying chocolate bars to mush and
lovey hubby dub dub either.
9/4/07
4:18 AM
fuck trying to think clearly.
all i can focus on
or even try to vizualize
is of you.
i had no idea
what meeting up with
the likes of you
would do.
with your linguistical spouts
and adorable rants
that eagerly coax unfamiliar sweat
from my palms.
and the metal in your mouth
clicking against my own
gets me higher than any slap in the face from Jezebel.
i don't want to ruin
this---
feeling.
this
aura,
that pulses from the very mention of you
by trying to explain it too much.
i want to keep it untame and rabid
surprising me like a midnight fox
bearing its teeth before curling up in my lap.
for even now
i fear,
i have begun to do just that
as i always do.
so i'll conclude
this mere doodle of you,
my newest muse,
with three pirate tokens,
a kiss on the shoulder,
and waaaay too much booze.
There was a pirate who came from afar
Who sank his ship for a h'penny o' tar
He had a scar on his cheek,
Gold in his teeth
And like Prabhu, a thing for the noir
There was a vicar from Kent
Who gave up religion for lent
He enjoyed a spree
Of being un-holy
Nobody knows where he went
For the tourists to impress
She wore traditional dress
She liked the grass skirt
And the flowery shirt
But the coconut bra caused distress
One of the tourists she knew
Was really enjoying the view
He bought her a drink
Tickled her pink
And said may I remove it for you?
The limerick man was on top
He was writing such a lot
The barrel he dredged
He lost his edge
And didn't know when to stop
I am a criminal,
So you and the papers say.
They would put me away
For countless nights and days.
Tucked away "safe" in jail,
All for the choice of herbs I inhale.
That they would only have their way...
Yet I am no marauding mobster,
No gangster for hire.
I smoke in the evenings
When daylight is fleeting
And withdraw to my rooms to retire.
I am no plundering pirate
Pillaging your private property.
I go about my day,
As right as I may,
You will find no evil protge.
I am spoken in the same breath
As delinquents and undesirables.
The infamously unfavourable,
Mire on our tireless society.
Well I am tired now,
Fatigued.
I've grown weary of living
In your narrow minded
Make believe.
Yet I leave you be.
Keep to mine and own.
It is you who lights the torches
From high deluded throne.
It is you who crafted and rounded
That perfect stone,
Hurled with such indiscrimination
Always many, never alone.
Each night now I wonder,
When I cross that imaginary line.
Such fools we've been,
The waste obscene,
Who really commits the crime?
The locksmith of my heart
By
Jude Kyrie
When the night is silent.
Deep into its slumber.
A bright moon smiles its bloom
as its doorway to outer space opens.
In the kitchen the dog sleeps.
Children making dreamy noises
In their rooms.
I feel the tips of her fingers
Upon my skin she is a locksmith
of hearts.
I have known her so long.
Familiar with its mechanism.
She uses the tools of her trade her fingertips
deftly and silently.
I can feel the tumblers falling
on the vault lock.
Her lips caress my skin
The combination has been broken again.
And the great door
to the vault of my heart
creeks open.
All my emotions and love
and desire are right there
in front of her.
She looks at the
hidden pirates treasure.
And takes from me
everything that she wants.
And everything
I have to give her.
There is a hole in my heart 3,000 feet deep.
A foot for every mile, it tears and rips,
Until my heart is nothing but a shred Of loosely conglomerated tissue and cells.
How can I push you away when I cant even touch you?
You tell me you love me, but you dont know me
You just know the thousands of pixels that put my face next to yours,
But the way you say it makes me believe you.
Or at least makes me want to,
We plan out our futures together,
When in reality we barely have a past,
You are the most special person in my life
But you only exist by one screen and the next,
Cell phones, computers, without those we are nothing.
Whats it like to love someone the way you love me?
I see it in your eyes, even through the computer,
You love me the way no one ever has
And I think that scares me.
Because I cant ever love like that,
My hearts been ripped into too many pieces,
Left with too many holes,
To feel anything, let alone love.
Which Im not even sure I believe in anymore.
And Ive become sure I dont deserve.
Because is love is made for childrens books
And hollywood movies,
Not college dorm rooms or backseats of cars,
Love is not made for me.
In romantic comedies, Im the friend who watches the main characters fall in love,
In horror movies, I die first
And in sad movies, Im the damn titantic,
Im a shipwreck.
Rotted over with algae,
Too decayed to ever put back together
Again.
preliminary explanation<em>
before i really begin the project i have a few scatterings
of thought that made me do this, without real planning,
a different sort of impromptu that poetry's good at,
less Dionysian spur-of-the-moment with an already
completed poem entwined to a perfect ens,
as quick as the decapitation of Mary Boleyn with the
executioner fooling her which side the swing would
be cast by taking of his hard-soled-shoes -
i mean this in an Apollonian sense - i know, sharp contrasts
at first, but the need to fuse them - i said these are
preliminary explanations, the rest will not be as haphazardly
composed, after all, i see the triangle i'm interested it
but drawing a triangle without Pythagorean explanation
i'm just writing  - i'll unravel what my project is
about, just give me this opportunity to blah blah for a
while like someone from an existential novel;
what beckoned me was the dichotomy of styles,
i mean, fuck me, you can read poetry while in an awkward
yoga position, you can read it standing up, sitting down,
eating or whatever you want - obviously on the throne
of thrones taking a shit is preferred - the point being
what's called serious literature is so condensed for
economic reasons, font small, never-ending paragraphs,
you need an easy-chair and a bottle of cognac to get
through a chapter sometimes - or at least freshly mowed
grass in a park in summer - it's really uncomfortable because
of that, and the fact that poets hardly wish upon you
to be myopic - just look at the spacing on the page,
constantly refreshing, open-plan condos, eye-to-eye -
but it's not about that... the different styles of writing,
prose and the novel, the historical essay / encyclopedia
or a work of philosophy - what style of writing can
be best evolutionary and undermine each? only poetry.
poetry is a ballerina mandible entity, plastic skeletons,
but that's beside the point, when journalism writes history
so vehemently... the study of history writes it nonchalantly,
it's the truth, journalism is bombastic, sensationalist
every but what courting history involves -
a journalist will write about the death of a 100 people
more vehemently than a historian writing about the Holocaust...
or am i missing something? i never understood this dichotomy
of prose - it's most apparent between journalism and history...
as far as i am concerned, the most pleasurable style of
prose is involved in the history of philosophy, or learning per se,
but i'll now reveal to you the project at hand -
it's a collage... the parameters?
</em>the subject of the collage<em>
it weighs 1614 grams, or 3 lb. and 8 7/8ths oz.,
it's a single volume edition, published by Pimlico,
it's slightly larger than an A5 format,
3/4 inches more in length, and ~1 centimetre in
width more, it has a depth of 1 and 3/4 inches in depth,
a bicep iron-pumping session with it in bed -
i was lying with this behemoth of a book
in bed soothing out a semi-delirium state
listening to Ola Gjeilo's *northern lights</em>
and flicking through the appendix, and i started thinking,
no would read this giant fully, would they?
the reason it's a one volume edition is because
the only place you'd read such an edition would
be in a library, at a desk, and you'd be taking snippets
out from it, quotes, authentic references points
for an essay, esp. if you were a history student,
such books aren't exactly built for leisure, as my arms
could testify... after the appendix i started flicking
through as to what point of interest would spur me
onto this audacious (and perhaps auspicious)
act of renegading against writing a novel (in the moment,
in the moment, i can't imagine myself rereading plot-lines
after a day or two, adding to it - that's a collage too,
but of a different kind - and no, i won't be plagiarising
as such, after all i'll be citing parallel, but utilising
poetry as the driving revision dynamic compared
to the chronologically stale prose of history) - i'll be
extracting key points that are already referenced and not
using the style of the author - the book in question?
<em>Europe: a history</em> by Norman Davies prof. emeritus
at U.C.L. - the point of entry that made me mad enough
to condense this 1335 page book (excluding the index)?
<em>point of incision</em>
Voltaire (or the man suspected of Guy Fawkes-likes spreading
of volatility in others) -
<em>un polonais - c'est un charmeur; deux polonais - une
bagarre; trois polonais, eh bien, c'est la question polonaise</em>
(one pole - a charmer, two poles - a brawl, three poles -
the polish question) - mind you, the subtler and gentler
precursor of the Jewish question, because the Frenchman
mused, and not a German, or a Russian brute...
and i can testify, two Polish immigrants in a pub,
one senior, the other minor, one with 22 years under
his belt of the integration purpose, one with 12 years,
the minor says to the senior about how Poles bring
the village life to cities, brutish drunkards and what not,
it was almost a brawl, prior to the senior was charming
a Lithuanian girl, before the minor's emphasis on
such a choice of conversation turned into idiotic Lithuanian
nostalgia about the disintegration of the Polish-Lithuanian
commonwealth, primarily due to the Polish nobility.
<em>10,000 b.c.</em>
looking that far back i don't know why you even
bother to celebrate the weekend -
i mean, 10,000 years back Denmark was
still attached to Sweden,
England was attached to France,
and there was a weird looking Aquatic landmass
that would become a myth of Atlantis
in the Chronicles of Norwich,
speedy fucking Gonzales with the equivalent
of south america detaching itself from Africa...
mind you, i'm sure the Carpathian ranges are
mountains. they're noted here are hills or uplands,
by categorising them as such i'm surprised
the majority of Carpathian elevations as scolded
bald rocky faced, a hill i imagine to have some
vegetation on it, not mountain goats with rock and roof
for a blacksmith in a population of one hundred...
at this point Darwinism really becomes a disorientating
pinpoint of whatever history takes your fancy,
Europe - mother of Minos, lord of Crete,
progenitrix / dominatrix and the leather curtains
of Zeus's harem (jealous? no, just the sarcasm
dominates the immortal museum of attachable
dildos to suit the perfect elephant cunt of depth
the gods sided with, by choice, excusing the Suez
duct tightening of a prostate gland... to ease the pain
upon pissing rather than ejaculating); mentioned by Homer
the Blind tooth-fairy, the Europe and the bull,
Europoeus and the swan, same father of wisdom to mind,
on the shores of Loch Lomond -
attributes a lover to the bull, Moschus of Syracuse,
who said earring Plato cured him of where the cock
should not enter even if it shines a welcome
in the disguise of Dionysius... revisionists bound to Pompeii
named Titian, Rembrandt, Rubens Veronese
and Claude Lorrain revived the bulging bull's bollocks
and her mm hmm mm, too gracious my kind, hehee...
Phonecians from Tyre and Io - so too the Sibyl of Lesbos -
and unlike the great river civilisations of the Nile,
the Ganges, soon to be the Danubian civilisations
and gorged-out-eyes-that-once-sore-colour-but-lost-sight-of-
colours-&shy;after-seeing-the-murk-of-the-Thames...
soon the seas overcame civilisations of the rivers,
as Cadmus, brother of the thus stated harlot said:
i bring you orbe pererrato - hieroglyphics of the cage,
but not an owl or a hawk inside it -
so let's perfect speaking to an encoding by first
rummaging into learning how to procure the perfect
forms of counting - i say left, you say I, i say right
you say II, left right left right, what do you say?
VI. bravo! the Hellenic world just crossed the Aegean
and civilisation bore twins within the cult of a lunar-mother,
Islam of Romulus and Remus, a she-wolf
a canine of the night - according to another -
<em>tremulae sinuantur flamine vestes</em> - or so the myth goes -
a cherished phantom of what became the fabled story
of sole Odysseus with his ears open and the remnant
sailor's ears waxed shut - as if the bankers of this world,
revelling in culprit universal fancy than nonetheless
bred the particular oddities - lest we forget,
the once bountiful call of the sirens to the oceanic
is but a fraction of what today's sirens claim to be song,
a fraction of it remains in this world, the onomatopoeia
of the once maddening song, the crude orgasmic
arrangement of vowels bound to the jealous god's
dj vu of the compounding second H.
<em>from myth to perpetuating a modern sentiment</em>
you can jump from 10,000 b.c. to the Munich Crisis
of 1938 - 9 with a snap of the fingers,
imitating quantum phenomenons like gesticulating
a game of mime with Chinese whispers necessary,
<em>if Europe is a nymph, Naples her azure eyes,
Warsaw her heart, Sebastopol and Azoff,
Petersburg, Mitau, Odessa - these the thorns
in her feet - Paris the head, London the starched collar,
and Rome - the sepulchre</em>.
or... <em>die handbuch der europaischen geschichte</em>
notably from Charlemagne (the Illiterate)
to the Greek colonels (as apart from Constantine to
Thomas More in eight volumes, via Cambridge mid
1930s)... these and some other books of urgency
e.g. Eugene Weber's H. A. L. Fisher's, Sr. Walter Ralegh,
Jacob Bronowski... elsewhere excavated noun-obscurities
like <strong>gattopardo</strong> and <strong>konarmya</strong> had their
circas extended like shelved vegetables in modern
supermarket isles, for one reason or another...
<strong>prado, sonata sovkino</strong> also... some also mention
Thomas Carlyle (i'd make it sound like carried-away isle,
but never mind); so in this intro much theory,
how to sound politically correct, verifiable to suit
a coercion for a status quo... Europe as a modern idea,
replacing Imperum Romanun came Christendom,
ugly Venetian Pirates at Constantinople,
Barbarossa making it in pickled herring juice
in a barrel to Jerusalem... once called the pinkish-bum-fluff
of Saxony, now called the pickled cucumber,
drowning in his armour in some river or Brosphorus...
alchemists, Luther and Copernicus were invited on
the same occasion as the bow-tie was invented,
apparently it was a marriage made for the Noir cinema,
beats me - hence the new concept of Europe,
reviving the idea of Imperium Romanun
meant, somehow including Judea in the Euro
championship of footie gladiator pussy whipped
narcissists, rejecting the already banished Carthage
(Libya / Tunisia by Cato's standards) and encouraging
the Huns, the Goths and the even more distant Slavs and
Vikings to accept not so much the crucifix as
the revised spine of the serpent but as the geometry of
human limbs, well, not so much that, but forgetting
Norse myths of the one-eyed and the runic alphabet
and settling for ah be'h c'eh d'ah.
dissident frenche stink abbe, charles castel de st pierre
(1658 - 1743) aand this work projet d'une paix perpetuelle
(1713) versus   who just said:
never mind the city, the Winter Palace... i have aborted
fetus pickles in my bedroom, lava lamps i call them.
the last remaining reference to Christianity?
Nietzsche was late, the public was certain,
it was the Treaty of Utrecht, 1713, with public reference
to the <em>republica christiana</em> / commonwealth was last made.
to Edmund Burke: well, i too wish no exile
upon any European on his continent of birth,
but invigorate a Muslim to give birth on it
and you invigorate an exile nonetheless:
Ezra expatriate Pound / sorry, if born in eastern
europe a dirty Romanian immigrant, pristine
expatriate in western Europe, fascist radio has
my tongue and balls, so let's play a game:
Russian roulette for the Chinese cos there's
a billion of them, and no one would really mind
a missing Chow Mein... chu shoo'ah shaolin moo'n'kah!
or a cappuccino whenever you'd like to watch
classic Italian pornographic cinema with dubbing
with nuns involved... Willaim Blake and his
stark naked prophesy, pope pius II (treatise 1458)
even though Transylvania, Tharce and Hungary
shared the same phonetic encoding with diacritical
distinctions like any Frenchman, German,
or Pole at the Siege of Vienna (1683)
to counter the antagonising Ottoman - i swear historians
do this one purpose, juggle dates and head-of-state figures
prior to entering a chronology - they must first try out
a fucking carousel before playing with the toy-train...
broadcasting to a defeated Germany public, T. S. Eliot
(1945) heroin import to into Western Germany
and talk of the failing moral fabric, China laughing
after the opium intricacies of warfare of trade,
what was once wool we wished to be silk...
instead of silk we received vegetarian wool, namely
hemp, and Amsterdam is to blame... nuke 'em!
that's how it sounds, how a historian approaches
writing a history from the annals, from circa and
circumstance and actual history, foremost the abbreviations,
the fishing hook standards, the parameters,
the limits, and then the mathematics of history,
one thing culminating into another... contra Lenin
N. S. Trubetskoy, P. N. Savitsky, G. Vernadsky
Russian at the perks of the Urals - steppe Tartar shamans
or salon pranced pretty anal boys? where to put
the intoxicant and where to put the mascara... hmm,
god knows, or by 21st calculations, a meteor;
they say the history of nations is a history of women,
then at least the history of individuation
and of men who succumb to its proliferation
is astoundingly misogynistic.
Seton-Watson, among the the tombstones too reminded
of remarkable esteem and accomplishment
with only one gravedigger to claim as father...
as many death ears as on two giraffe skeletons
stood Guizot, men of many letter and few fortunes,
or v. v., incubators of cousin sperm and none the kippah
before the arrogant saintly diminished to
a justly cause of recession, ha ha,
by nature's grace, and with true advent of her progression
as guard-worthy pre- to each pro-
and suggested courteous of the virgin fibre,
oh hey, the advent of masqueraded woofing,
a Venetian high-brow, and jealousy out of a forgotten
spirit of adventure that once was bound
to hunting and foraging... forever lost to writehistory of
a king dubbed Louis the XIV...
crucibles and distastes for the state to be pleased,
once removed from Paris, forever to Angevin womb
accustomed once more, at Versailles released -
as cake be sown so too the aristocratic swan necks
for worth of mock and scorn - and the dampening rain
rattle the blood-thirst of the St. Bartholomew's Day
slaughter, to date, the rebirth of Burgundy,
of Anjou, and with the dead king presiding, to be
of no worth in judging himself a king before god or pauper...
saluer Antoine Quentin Fouquier-Tinville!
that i might too in stead rattle a few bones prior to burial
with the jaw that will laugh and chatter least
had it been to my kingly-stead a birth so lowly.
then at least in satisfactory temperament i procure a
judgement of the noble like of a whore
for an hour's worth of pistons and jarring tongues...
as if from a nobleman then indeed as if from a whore,
for who sold Europe and said: Arabia, if not the
Frenchman, the Englishman, the Spaniard?
the former colonial conquests served you not enough?
i imagine the reinstatement of Israel like
the Frankish states under Philippe-August...
precursors to a cathedral dubbed Urban the 2nd's..
there were only Norwegian motives in the Ukraine
and the black sea... Israel to me is like plagiarism
of the Frankish states of the middle-east, with Europe
slightly... oom'pah loom'pah mongolian harmonica.
some said Rudyard Kipling poems,
some said Mr. Kipling's afternoon tea cakes -
whichever made it first on Coronation St.
some also say the Teutonic barbecues -
it was a matter of example to feed them hog
and cannibalise the peasants for ourselves,
a Prussian standard worth an army standard of
rigour - Ave Maria - letztre abendessen nahrung -
mein besitzen, wenn in die Aden, i'd be the last
talking carcass...
<em>gottes ist der orient!
gottes ist der okzident!
nord - und sudliches gelande
ruht im frieden seiner hande.</em>
germany's <em>lebensraum</em>, inferiority and classification,
inferior slavs and jews, genetics and why my
hatred of Darwinism is persistent, you need
an explanatory noting to make it auto-suggestive
for Queen &amp; Country? diseased elements,
Jewish Bolshevism, Polish patriotism,
Soviets, Teutons, the grand alliances of 1918
or 1945? Wilsonian testimony of national self-determi
Tree
_
On the Hill
-----------------
-----------------------
Daddy was a Sailor
On
The poisoned Sea!
--------
I grew up in Juarez
(whatever that means)
---
///
----
Endless ennui
Till we see
That Tree
On the Hill
------
----
Dream!---Lover Girl!
---
It's
YOU AND ME
and
THE WORLD!
----
(just you and me
&amp;
The Truth)
--
Whatever that means
There are no Apaches
With flaming arrows and piebald ponies
There are no writhing jungles round here
There are no lost temples
Hiding untold treasures
There are no damsels to be rescued
By a knight on a white charger
There are no pirates on the high seas
No skull and crossbones flying
Above a deck bristling and glistening
With cutlasses and flintlocks ready
And hook hands and black eye-patches
In the sunlight of the Spanish Maine
There are no interplanetary wars
With hand-held laser guns
And weird creatures from strange worlds
They just do not exist
I learned this when
I was very very young
And I really wanted to be a pirate
By Phil Roberts
Grace walked hand in hand with me,
In the pretty green lea,
Then she picked a flower;
And drinked in it's beauty, forgetting about the hour.
Grace walked hand in hand with me,
Out to the pretty blue sea,
We picked up sea-shells on the shore;
And found jewels that no pirate ever found before.
We waded in the waves, and rested in the sand,
Grace and I near the sea walked hand in hand,
And found buried treasures of old;
But were the brightest of <strong>all</strong> instead of dull and burried with mold.
Grace and I walked hand in hand today,
Out near the lakes where flamingos wade and play,
And where birds never had flown so high;
In the royal sapphire sky.
We walked hand in hand together,
We were time is forever,
Right here in Fairyland;
Grace and I walked hand in hand.
In Summer we walk in the meadow,
In Winter we laugh we snow kisses our cheeks and we have fun in the snow,
Out be the sea of eternity;
Grace walked hand in hand with me.
<em>*</em>~Marian~
Lady, weeping at the crossroads
Would you meet your love
In the twilight with his greyhounds,
And the hawk on his glove?
Bribe the birds then on the branches
Bribe them to be dumb,
Stare the hot sun out of heaven
That the night may come.
Starless are the night of travel,
Bleak the winter wind;
Run with terror all before you
And regret behind.
Run until you hear the ocean's
Everlasting cry;
Deep though it may be and bitter
You must drink it dry.
Wear out patience in the lowest
Dungeons of the sea,
Searching through the stranded shipwrecks
For the golden key.
Push on to the world's end, pay the
Dread guard with a kiss;
Cross the rotten bridge that totters
Over the abyss.
There stands the deserted castle
Ready to explore;
Enter, climb the marble staircase
Open the locked door.
Cross the silent ballroom,
Doubt and danger past;
Blow the cobwebs from the mirror
See yourself at last.
Put your hand behind the wainscot,
You have done your part;
Find the penknife there and plunge it
Into your false heart.
Dee,
she said, but I wasn't listening,
not my name
not my game.
I was thinking on a point of view
and the dragon doesn't live in me
it lives in you,
dragons always do
the unexpected thing
like
bring you tea in bed
muss your hair and
paint with fire your curls a flaming shade of red.
Dee,
she said once more,
where's the boy who used to live next door?
What could I say,
but gone to play with Pan and pirate Jack
and the boy is never coming back,
oh, said she,
I guess we two are what remain and unwilling to cause her further pain
I stayed.
Tangled in love. Tangled in
his bedsheets. Arms on back
chest to chest. Lips to lips.
That's how they kissed and
kissed. The clouds above in
the sky didn't hesitate and
ask why. The angels above
awed and cried. Tears of joy
and love fell down on them.
The flowers giggled and
gossiped. While the summer
grass outside danced gently
from the left to to the right.
Promises were said in the
language of kisses in bed.
His body was explored with
her hands and tongue as if
he was a shipwreck that was
long gone and she went back
to find the lost treasure just
like in the stories and myths
that were told over centuries.
For his eyes were gems. His
arms were gold. His beauty
looked better than shimmering silverware and pearls. He's
the lost treasure that she claimed
will be hers till the end of time.
For his love drove her insane
and blind. And she found that completely fine. "I'll love for an infinity" she said. "I'll marry you
for that sweet little heart caged
in that chest of yours and keep
you mine. And darling your
beauty will be to blame" he
replied* ~
I loved you,
But you let me down,
Then I had to turn around.
The sharktank shells chew my spine,
Raw reminders of a perilous shipwreck goodbye.
When we were like canvas art constant and priceless,
But oh, the high octave ocean songis so quiet, doll.
It returns us to dusty voyeur foam,
Dust, stealthy, and androgynous and,
Like a lovesick lighthouse vast and
Alone.
Floating through this time
at this carnival tonight
Hula- Hoops
With music in rhyme
Sailing in early light
with these pirates alright
flowers are
passed to everyone in sight
Walked and noticed green
To the music of our time
music genius
was the glorious of sounds
Often stopped to wonder
Whatever happened to life?
Why can't tonight
Be the rest of life?
Rumor has it that Doris Day has the greatest ass in Hollywood
What it looks like now I havent heard,
But it cant look all that bad to be compared to Venus in its day
Marilyn Monroe had a great ass too,
But she got fat and lived too long
Doris day is still alive by the way
No one on earth has a greater ass than Doris Day,
Old and wrinkled like Brigitte Bardot
Who tried to seduce me on the Riviera
There once was a girl named Cinderella
Who had an ass like an ironing board
She didnt stand out in a crowd
Doris Day, now there was an ass
Glimpsed like a blue moon in Technicolor pictures
From before you were born
But no one ever seduced Doris Day; she never got laid
I knew Doris day before she was virgin,
Goes the Biblical story, but there it is
Playing in a stag film New York City,
Filmed in the village in the apartment of TS Eliot
Featuring a gang bang with Dylan Thomas and William S. Burroughs
Doing strange things to her on the couch
Her pillbox hat never fell off her beehive, her black petticoats
Like the sails of a pirate schooner blowing in a noreaster
She bent over and sucked cock in high heels,
Like your mother used to wear if you were lucky,
In my dreams Sylvia Plath would be there too
I wrote a play once
What Doris Day had was deep cleavage,
A great profile and a camel toe tight as an oyster
She had great feet that didnt smell,
Unless she wore flats all day then they smelled like roses
She was always willing to have her ass slapped and
Her cheeks were tight as drums
Theres an old woman librarian,
She must be about seventy,
I can see her everyday if I make an excuse to go to the library
Id take that bitch between the shelves and write her life story from birth to the grave
I would eat her dusty pussy and make it wet as an ocean
She wears stockings and garters older than my mother
If she let her hair down shed be blonde as Doris Day
David slings a rock
Cop holsters a glock,Lizzie Borden packs an axe
Mac he packs the knife, Billy battles with a club, Tommys gun is a sub
Kellys got 1 too, Bazooka Joe Is Gum, Peter Gun not, Colt 45 is not malt
Nor a horse, hand grenades, canons w/big balls, Doc Holiday had TB
Rock Hudson HIV, James Dean crash his car,Hank Williams in his bar
Natalie Wood dont float, Cain killed brother, Juliette poison her lover,
Whitey Bulger, hekilled and got paid,deadman walkinggets to eat
Rodney King he got beat, got beat Mama Cass Elliott choked on ham
58,000 gone in Nam, 4 dead in Ohio, Kamikazes fall 1941, again 2001
Iraqi leader w/ a rope, John Belushi too much dope, C. Manson is alive
Michael Jackson isnt,Saturday night special is very ordinary
Fast and furious is the crime, Dick Clark just his time
Pirate victims walk the plank, THINK,
Next Ill come rolling up in a tank
Hear the whistle of my missile
Dirty Harry had the biggest
TheDerringerissmall
Smokey Bear forest fire
Greek funeral is a pyre
Too many+s or-s
Is electrical surges
Woman and child
sing the dirges
Walking dead
Arezombies
Fat man and
Little Boy
Are atom
Bombies
as for me
in a blaze
of glory
BOOM